## SCOPE

## 1.1

### Identification

This document defines the interface between the Radar Data Acquisition (RDA) and Radar Product Generation (RPG) functional areas of the WSR-88D system.  This document revision is applicable to the RDA design employing client/server technology and to the RPG design employing client/server technology.  This new RDA design is more commonly called the Open RDA (ORDA). This new RPG design is more commonly called the Open RPG (ORPG).

## 1.2

### Security The

## 1.3

### System

Overview The WSR-88D acquires, generates, and distributes Doppler radar products for meteorological and hydrological applications.  Specifically, the RDA functional area acquires radar data; controls antenna, transmitter, and receiver electronics; prepares radar data in a digital format; transmits radar data and status to the RPG; and processes control information from the RPG.  The RPG functional area receives radar data and status information from the RDA, formats and sends control commands to the RDA, generates radar products, and distributes radar products for graphical and alphanumeric display systems.

## 1.4

### Documentation

### Section 1 provides information regarding the identification, scope, purpose, and organization of this document.

### Appendix A provides a list of acronyms included in this document.

## REFERENCE DOCUMENTS

## 2.1

## 2.1.1

### Specifications

Reference Number Title Reference Number Title 2810000K WSR-88D System Specification 2830013

### WSR-88D

System/Subsystem Design Document 2820001, Pt 1 Computer Program Development Specification for RDA Status and Control Program (CPCI-01) 2820003N, Pt1 Computer Program Development Specification for Radar Product Generation Program (SRS, CPCI-03) 2830006, Pt 1 Critical Item Development Specification for Wideband Communications Link (CI-06) 2620015A

### Microwave

Line of Sight (MLOS) Fault Alarm System Line of Sight (MLOS) Fault Alarm System 2620036

### RPG

to Base Data Distribution Server (BDDS) ICD 2830007 Pt. 1 RPG Equipment B1 and update (CI-07) 2830009 Pt.1 RDA Equipment B1 (CI-09) 2620060 RDA/RPG TCP/IP ICD

### Source:

WSR-88D Radar Operations Center 1313 Halley Circle Norman, OK 73069 WSR-88D Radar Operations Center 1313 Halley Circle Norman, OK 73069

## 2.2

## 2.2.1

### Industry

Standards Standards Reference Number Title IEEE 754-1985

### IEEE

Standard for Binary Floating-Point Arithmetic Source: IEEE Customer Service 445 Hoes Lane PO Box.1331 Piscataway NJ 08855-1331 http://www.standards.ieee.org/ NIST Special Publication 330, 2001 Edition The International System of Units (SI) Source: United States Department of Commerce National Institute of Standards and Technology http://physics.nist.gov Standard for Binary Floating-Point Arithmetic Source: IEEE Customer Service 445 Hoes Lane PO Box.1331 Piscataway NJ 08855-1331 http://www.standards.ieee.org/ NIST Special Publication 330, 2001 Edition The International System of Units (SI) Source: United States Department of Commerce National Institute of Standards and Technology http://physics.nist.gov

## RDA TO RPG APPLICATION LAYER

## 3.1

## 3.1.1

### TCP

Client/Server Relationship The TCP connection on the RPG side will be the client.  The RDA connection will be the server.

## 3.1.2

## 3.1.3

### General

Message Descriptions All session messages have a three word integer header. All fields in the header are four octets in network (big endian) byte order. The first field (first four octets) of the header is the message type.  The second field's function is message type dependent. The third field is the message size (number of octets of data following the header) excluding the message header. TCM Message Header Message Type Message Type Dependent Server/Client Data Size  4 ¾¾¾® octets  4 ¾¾¾® octets  4 ¾¾¾® octets The following table contains the message types and message codes. Session Message Type Message Code Message Descriptions All session messages have a three word integer header. All fields in the header are four octets in network (big endian) byte order. The first field (first four octets) of the header is the message type.  The second field's function is message type dependent. The third field is the message size (number of octets of data following the header) excluding the message header. TCM Message Header Message Type Message Type Dependent Server/Client Data Size  4 ¾¾¾® octets  4 ¾¾¾® octets  4 ¾¾¾® octets The following table contains the message types and message codes. Session Message Type Message Code LOGIN LOGIN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT DATA DATA ACKNOWLEDGEMENT KEEP ALIVE

## 3.1.4

### Error

Handling Either side of a session link will close and disconnect TCP connections for all PVCs on the detection of an error on any PVC. A disconnected client may attempt to reconnect at any time.

## 3.1.5

### Disconnect To

## 3.2

## 3.2.1

### Data

Formats The following data formats are referenced in this document: Code*1 One byte (8 bits) of integer data representing a bit field. Code*2 Two bytes (16 bits) of integer data representing a bit field. Integer*1 One byte (8 bits) of unsigned integer data. Integer*2 Two bytes (16 bits) of unsigned integer data. Integer*4 Four bytes (32 bits) of unsigned integer data. Real*4 Four bytes (32 bits) of single precision floating point data in IEEE 754 format. Real*8 Eight bytes (64 bits) of double precision floating point data in IEEE 754 format. Scaled Integer*1 Floating point data represented by a 1-byte unsigned integer with an assumed decimal point whose position is defined by the precision of the item. Scaled Integer*2 Floating point data represented by a 2-byte unsigned integer with an assumed decimal point whose position is defined by the precision of the item. Scaled Integer*4 Floating point data represented by a 4-byte unsigned integer with an assumed decimal point whose position is defined by the precision of the item. Scaled SInteger*2 Floating point data represented by a 2-byte signed integer with an assumed decimal point whose position is defined by the precision of the item. Scaled SInteger*4 Floating point data represented by a 4-byte signed integer with an assumed decimal point whose position is defined by the precision of the item. SInteger*1 One byte (8 bits) of integer data in standard 2's complement format. SInteger*2 Two bytes (16 bits) of integer data in standard 2's complement format. SInteger*4 Four bytes (32 bits) of integer data in standard 2's complement format. String One or more 8-bit data items, each representing one ASCII character.  Values that do not take up the entire field size will be padded with NULL characters.

## 3.2.2

### Operating

Procedures The data messages to be transferred between the RDA and the RPG are listed in Table I.  The data messages will be exchanged after a successful session is established.  A message header of format specified in Table II is attached to each message transmitted across the link.

## 3.2.2.1

### Table I

Data Message Types Type Description Source Recipient Format 1† Digital Radar Data RDA RPG Table  III 2* RDA Status Data RDA I   Data Message Types Type Description Source Recipient Format 1† Digital Radar Data RDA RPG Table  III 2* RDA Status Data RDA

## RPG/RMS

IV 3* Performance/Maintenance Data RDA V Console Message RDA VI 5* Volume Coverage Pattern RDA RPG Table XI RDA Control Commands RPG RDA Table  X Volume Coverage Pattern RPG RDA Table  XI Clutter Censor Zones RPG RDA Table  XII Request for Data RPG RDA Table  XIII Console Message RPG

## RDA/RMS

VI Loop Back Test RDA RPG Table  VIII Loop Back Test RPG RDA Table  VIII 13+ Clutter Filter Bypass Map RDA RPG Table  IX Spare N/A N/A N/A 15* Clutter Filter Map RDA RPG Table XIV Reserved/FAA RMS Only N/A N/A N/A Reserved/FAA RMS Only N/A N/A N/A 18* RDA Adaptation Data RDA XV Reserved N/A N/A N/A Reserved N/A N/A N/A Reserved N/A N/A N/A Reserved N/A N/A N/A Reserved/FAA RMS only N/A N/A N/A Reserved/FAA RMS only N/A N/A N/A Reserved/FAA RMS only N/A N/A N/A Reserved N/A N/A N/A Digital Radar Data Generic Format RDA RPG Table XVII RDA PRF Data RDA RPG Table XVIII RDA Log Data RDA RPG Table XVIV * = metadata † = Data Message Type 31 has replaced Data Message Type 1 as of Build 10. + = Data Message Type 13 is no longer sent as of Build 19

## 3.2.2.2

### Messages

### Digital

Radar Data format is given in Table III, RDA Status Data format is given in Table IV, RDA Performance/Maintenance Data format is given in Table V, Console Message format is given in Table VI, Volume Coverage Pattern Data is given in Table XI, Loop Back Test format is given in Table VIII, Clutter Filter Bypass Map format is given in Table IX, Clutter Filter Map Data is given in table XIV, RDA Adaptation Data is given in Table XV, Digital Radar Data Generic Format is given in Table XVII, and RDA PRF Data format is given in Table XVIII.  RDA Log Data format is given in Table XVIV.

## 3.2.2.2.1

### Metadata

## 3.2.2.2.2

### Non-Metadata

Messages and Purpose Some messages from the RDA to RPG will not be recorded as Metadata.  This is because long term storage of the messages is not needed.   The messages are meant to help the ROC with field support issues. 33 – RDA Log Data Message 33 is the only non-data, non-metadata message from the RDA to the RPG at this time.

## 3.2.2.3

### RDA

Control Command format is given in Table X, Volume Coverage Pattern format is given in Table XI, Clutter Censor Zones format is given in Table XII, Requests for Data format is given in Table XIII, Console Messages format is given in Table VI and Loop Back Test messages format in Table VIII.

## 3.2.3

### Message

Descriptions The following sections define the message formats exchanged via this interface.

### Starting

## 3.2.3.1

## 3.2.3.1.1

## 3.2.3.1.2

## 3.2.3.2

## 3.2.3.3

## 3.2.3.4

### Console

### NOTE: In

Build 13 message types 4 will be NULL terminated strings In Build 13 message types 4 will be NULL terminated strings

## 3.2.3.5

### Volume

Coverage Pattern The Volume Coverage Pattern message format is provided in Table XI. When the RDA sends this message to the RPG, the Message Type indicated in the Message Header is 5. When the RPG sends this message to the RDA, the Message Type indicated in the Message Header is 7. The RDA sends the Volume Coverage Pattern message upon wideband connection and at the beginning of each volume scan.

## 3.2.3.6

## 3.2.3.7

### Clutter

Censor Zone The Clutter Censor Zone message format is provided in Table XII. The message contains range, azimuth and elevation information for operator defined clutter censor zones. When the RDA receives a Clutter Censor Zone message, the Clutter Filter Map message is recomputed and transmitted to the Censor Zone The Clutter Censor Zone message format is provided in Table XII. The message contains range, azimuth and elevation information for operator defined clutter censor zones. When the RDA receives a Clutter Censor Zone message, the Clutter Filter Map message is recomputed and transmitted to the

## RPG.

## 3.2.3.8

### Request

## 3.2.3.9

### Loop

Back Test The Loop Back Test message format is provided in Table VIII. When the RDA sends this message to the RPG, the Message Type indicated in the Message Header is 11. When the RPG sends this message to the RDA, the Message Type indicated in the Message Header is 12. The Loop Back Test message transmits a sequence of bit data to verify RDA to RPG communication. The RDA sends Message Type 11 to the RPG upon wideband connection. After receipt, the RPG re-sends Message Type 11 to the RDA without any modifications. The RPG sends Message Type 12 to the RDA upon wideband connection.

### After

## 3.2.3.10

## 3.2.3.11

## 3.2.3.12

## 3.2.3.13

## 3.2.3.14

## 3.2.4

## 3.2.4.1

II   Message Header Data NAME DESCRIPTION(3) FORMAT UNITS (4) RANGE ACCURACY/ PRECISION BYTE LOCATION Size Message size in halfwords (1) (6) Integer*2 halfword 9 to 65535 0 and 1 RDA Redundant Channel Channel Numbers for: Legacy 0 = Single Channel (no bits set) 1 = Redundant Channel 1  (bit 0 set) 2 = Redundant Channel 2  (bit 1 set) ORDA 8   = Single Channel  (bit 3 set) 9   = Redundant Channel 1  (bits 3 & 0 set) 10 = Redundant Channel 2  (bits 3 & 1 set) Integer*1 N/A 0 to 10 Message Type Integer code from Table I Integer*1 N/A 1 to 33 N/A I.D.

### Sequence

Number Message Sequence Number Integer*2 N/A 0 to 65535 then roll over to 0 4 and 5 Julian Date Julian Date - 2440586.5 (2) Integer*2 d 1 to 65,535 6 and 7 Millisecond Number of Integer*4 msec 0 to ± 2000/ 8 to 11 s of Day milliseconds from Midnight, Greenwich Mean Time 86,399,999 ± 1 Number of Message Segments If the message size is less than 65534 halfwords, the number of message segments is set to 1. Otherwise, halfwords 12-15 specify the size of the message, in bytes. (7) Integer*2 N/A 1 to 65535 12 and 13 Message Segment Number If the mssage size is less than 65534 halfwords, the message segment number is set to 1. Otherwise, halfwords 12-15 specify the size of the message, in bytes. (7) Integer*2 N/A 1 to 65535 14 and 15 Notes: 1.  This is the message size for this message segment, not for the total of all segments in the message. 2.  1 January 1970 00.00 Greenwich Mean Time = 1  Modified Julian Date. 3.  All bit locations are referenced to location 0 (LSB). 4.  See Appendix B for unit definitions and standard symbology. 6. A size value 65535 indicates that byte locations 12-15 are used to specify the message size, in bytes.

## 3.2.4.2

## DESCRIPTION

## UNITS (18)

## RANGE (1) ACCURACY/

### Collection

Time Zulu reference time at which radial data was collected Integer*4 msec 0 to 86,399,999 ± 2000/ ± 1 0 to 3 Modified Julian Date Current Julian date - 2440586.5(2) Integer*2 d 1 to 65,535 4 and 5 Unambiguo us Unambiguous range, Interval Scaled Integer*2 km 115 to 511 ± 0.1/ ± 0.1 6 and 7 Range Size Azimuth Angle Azimuth angle at which radial data was collected Code*2 (4) deg 0 to Time Zulu reference time at which radial data was collected Integer*4 msec 0 to 86,399,999 ± 2000/ ± 1 0 to 3 Modified Julian Date Current Julian date - 2440586.5(2) Integer*2 d 1 to 65,535 4 and 5 Unambiguo us Unambiguous range, Interval Scaled Integer*2 km 115 to 511 ± 0.1/ ± 0.1 6 and 7 Range Size Azimuth Angle Azimuth angle at which radial data was collected Code*2 (4) deg 0 to

## 359.95605

## (BIN)

### Code*2

## ATMOS

### Atmospheric

Attenuation Factor Scaled Integer*2 dB/km −0.02 to −0.002 ± .004/ ± .001 62 and 63 Attenuation Factor Scaled Integer*2 dB/km −0.02 to −0.002 ± .004/ ± .001 62 and 63

## TOVER

### Threshold

## 3.2.4.3

## BIT #

## MEANING

## 3 (LSB)

## X  =  NOT APPLICABLE

III-B Range Format Range Format (Km) Sign

## 16.384

## 8.192

## 4.096

## 2.048

## 1.024

## 0.512

## 0.256

## 0.128

## 0.064

## 0.032

## 0.016

## 0.008

## 0.004

## 0.002

## 0 (LSB)

## 0.001

## 3.2.4.4

## 3.2.4.5

## LSB  = 0.5

### R

### V

## LSB  = 1.0

### SW

## 3.2.4.6

IV   RDA Status Data (Message Type 2) (3), (4)

## UNITS (8)

## (OR VALUE)

## HALFWORD

## RDA STATUS

## N/A

As Listed 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 16  (bit 4 set) 32  (bit 5 set) 64  (bit 6 set) 1

## OPERABILITY

## STATUS

RDA - On-line RDA - Maintenance Action Required RDA - Maintenance Action Mandatory RDA - Commanded Shut Down RDA - Inoperable Code*2 As Listed 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 16  (bit 4 set) 32  (bit 5 set) 2

## CONTROL STATUS

Local Only RPG (Remote) Only Either Code*2 (7) As Listed 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 3

## AUXILIARY POWER

## GENERATOR STATE

Switched to Auxiliary Power Utility PWR Available Generator On Transfer Switch - Manual Commanded Switchover Code*2 As Listed 1 (bit 0 set) 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 16  (bit 4 set) 4

## AVERAGE

## TRANSMITTER

## POWER

### Calculated

## HORIZONTAL

### Difference

## REFLECTIVITY

## CALIBRATION

### CORRECTION

## TRANSMISSION

## ENABLED

(Any combination of Data Enabled) None Reflectivity Velocity Width Code*2 As Listed 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 16  (bit 4 set) 7

## VOLUME

## COVERAGE

## PATTERN NUMBER

(Magnitude defines Pattern, Sign defines selection) No Pattern RDA Local Pattern Selected RDA Remote Pattern Selected SInteger* As Listed 0 (no bits set) Negative Positive 1 8

## RDA CONTROL

## AUTHORIZATION

No Action Local Control Requested Remote Control Requested (a.k.a. Local Control Released) Code*2 (7) As Listed 0 (no bits set) 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 9

## RDA BUILD NUMBER

## OPERATIONAL

## MODE

Operational Maintenance Code*2 (7) As Listed 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 11

## SUPER RESOLUTION

Enabled Disabled Code*2 (7) N/A As Listed 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 12

## CLUTTER

## MITIGATION

## DECISION STATUS

Disabled Enabled Bypass Map Segments where Clutter Mitigation Code*2 As Listed 0  (no bits set) 1  (bit 0 set) Bits 1-5 (9) 13 Decision Applied

## AVSET/ EBC STATUS/

## DATA STATUS

AVSET Enabled AVSET Disabled EBC Status RDA Log Data staus Code*2 (10) As Listed

## AVSET BITS:

## EBC BIT:

Enabled bit 3 set Disabled bit 3 zero RDA Log Data BIT: Enabled bit 4 set Disabled bit 4 zero 14

## RDA ALARM

## SUMMARY

No Alarms Tower/Utilities Pedestal Transmitter Receiver RDA Control Communication Signal Processor Code*2 As Listed 0 (no bits set) 2  (bit 1 set) 4  (bit 2 set) 8  (bit 3 set) 16  (bit 4 set) 32  (bit 5 set) 64  (bit 6 set) 128  (bit 7 set) 15

## COMMAND

## ACKNOWLEDGMENT

No Acknowledgment Remote VCP Received Clutter Bypass map Received Clutter Censor Zones Received Redundant Chan Ctrl Cmd Accepted Code*2 As listed 0 (no bits set) 1 (bit 0 set) 2 (bit 1 set) 3 (bits 0 and 1 set) 4 (bit 2 set) 16

## CHANNEL

### Identifies

whether channel is  the controlling channel:     Controlling     Non-controlling Code*2 As Listed 0 (no bits set) 1  (bit 0 set) 17

## SPOT BLANKING

### Status

of Spot Blanking: Not Installed Enabled Code*2 (7) As Listed 0 (no bits set) 2  (bit 1 set) 18 Disabled 4  (bit 2 set)

## BYPASS MAP

## GENERATION DATE

### Julian

Date - 2440586.5 Note (1) Integer*2 d 1 to 65535 Date - 2440586.5 Note (1) Integer*2 d 1 to 65535

## GENERATION TIME

### Number

## CLUTTER FILTER

MAP date - 2440586.5 Note (1) Integer*2 d 1 to 65535 of minutes since Midnight, Greenwich Mean Time Integer*2 min 0 to 1440

## VERTICAL

## CORRECTION

## TRANSITION POWER

## SOURCE STATUS

## OFF

## UNKNOWN

Integer*2  NA As Listed 0 (no bits set) 1 (bit 0 set) 3 (bits 0 and 1 set) 4 (bit 2 set) 24

## RMS CONTROL

## NON-RMS SYSTEM

## RMS IN CONTROL

## RDA IN CONTROL

Code*2 (7) 25

## PERFORMANCE

## CHECK STATUS

## NO COMMAND PENDING

## FORCE PERFORMANCE

## CHECK PENDING

## ALARM CODES

### One

## SIGNAL

## PROCESSING

## OPTIONS

### Flags

## SPARES

### N/A

Integer*2 N/A N/A N/A 42 to 59 Integer*2 N/A N/A N/A 42 to 59

## STATUS VERSION

### Version

## 3.2.4.6.1

## RDA.

## 3.2.4.6.2

## CODE

## STATE

## ALARM

## TYPE

## DEVICE

## SAMPLE

## MESSAGE

## NO ALARMS

## RESERVED

## SPARE

## ALTERNATE

## ROUTE TO RPG IN

## ROUTE TO RPG IS

## DOWN

## SEND WIDEBAND

## STATUS TIMED

## GPS STRATUM

## GPS ANTENNA

## FAILURE

## RPG LINK - RED

## ALARM (NO RX)

## RPG LINK -

## YELLOW ALARM

## RPG LINK - BLUE

## RDA CSU FAILURE

## SNMP TIME OUT:

## LAN SWITCH

## ROUTER

## ADMINISTRATOR

## CONSOLE SERVER

## PORT 1 FAIL

## PORT 3 FAIL

## PORT 5 FAIL

## PORT 7 FAIL

## PORT 12 FAIL

## FILAMENT

## POWER SUPPLY

## WAVEGUIDE

## SWITCH FAILURE

## WAVEGUIDE/PFN

## TRANSFER

## INTERLOCK

## XMTR IN

## MAINTENANCE

## XMTR

## UNAVAILABLE

## PFN/PW SWITCH

## XMTR +5VDC

## POWER SUPPLY 6

## FAIL

## XMTR +15VDC

## POWER SUPPLY 4

## XMTR +28VDC

## POWER SUPPLY 3

## XMTR -15VDC

## POWER SUPPLY 5

## XMTR +45VDC

## POWER SUPPLY 7

## VOLTAGE FAIL

## VACUUM PUMP

## FOCUS COIL

## CIRCULATOR

## OVERTEMP

## SPECTRUM

## FILTER LOW

## PRESSURE

## ARC/VSWR

## XMTR CABINET

## INTERLOCK OPEN

## OVER TEMP

## AIR FLOW FAIL

## REQUIRED

## MODULATOR

## OVERLOAD

## INVERSE

## CURRENT FAIL

## XMTR MAIN

## POWER OVER

## VOLTAGE

## CHARGING

## SYSTEM FAILURE

## SYSTEM INVERSE

## CURRENT

## TRIGGER

## AMPLIFIER

## XMTR OVER

## AIRFLOW

## XMTR OIL OVER

## TEMP

## PRF LIMIT

## XMTR OIL LEVEL

## KLYSTRON OVER

## KLYSTRON

## VACION CURRENT

## KLYSTRON AIR

## FLOW FAILURE

## XMTR PEAK

## POWER LOW

## POWER HIGH

## XMTR POWER

## METER ZERO OUT

## OF LIMIT

## BITE FAIL

## SWITCH

## REQUIRES MAINT

## XMTR POST

## CHARGE REG

## HUMIDITY/PRESS

## URE FAULT

## XMTR HV SWITCH

## XMTR RECYCLING

## INOPERATIVE

## XMTR/SPIP

## INTERFACE

100 - 117 N/A N/A N/A N/A MM ED UTL

## AC UNIT#1

## COMPRESSOR

## SHUTOFF

## AC UNIT#2

## GENERATOR

## GEN STARTING

## BATTERY

## VOLTAGE LOW

## ENGINE

## MALFUNCTION

## TPS IS OFF-LINE

## AUTO/RUN/OFF

## SWITCH NOT

## AUTO

## EXERCISE

## AIRCRAFT

## HAZARD

## LIGHTING

## EQUIP SHELTER

## FIRE DETECTION

## SYSTEM FAULT

## FIRE/SMOKE IN

## SHELTER

## POWER SYSTEM

## MISMATCH

## UNAUTHORIZED

## SITE ENTRY

## SECURITY

## SYSTEM

## EQUIPMENT

## DISABLED

147 - 150 N/A N/A N/A N/A IN ED UTL

## RADOME ACCESS

## HATCH OPEN

## AC UNIT#1 FILTER

## DIRTY

## AC UNIT#2 FILTER

## XMTR  FILTER

## PMDC BOUNCING

## - RSP REBOOT

## INITIATED

## RPGC BOUNCING -

## RSP REBOOT

## VCPC BOUNCING -

## AMEC BOUNCING

160 - 169 N/A N/A N/A N/A SEC FO UTL

## SHELTER TEMP

## EXTREME

## DISCHARGE TEMP

## XMTR EXHAUST

## AIR TEMP

## RADOME AIR

## TEMP EXTREME

## FUEL STORAGE

## TANK LEVEL LOW

## COMMANDED

## POWER SWITCH

## FAILED

## RECOMMEND

## SWITCH TO

## UTILITY POWER

179 - 180 N/A N/A N/A N/A MM ED CTR

## PMDC FAILED -

## PMDC RESTART

## RDAC FAILED -

## WDOG FAILED -

## NMSC  FAILED -

## NMSC RESTART

## RPGC  FAILED -

## RPGC RESTART

## HCIS FAILED -

## HCIS RESTART

## RMSS FAILED -

## RMSS RESTART

## NMPC FAILED -

## NMPC RESTART

## VCPC FAILED -

## VCPC RESTART

## DSPC  FAILED -

## DSPC RESTART

## CHNS FAILED -

## CHNS RESTART

## RSTS FAILED -

## RSTS RESTART

## AMEC FAILED -

## AMEC RESTART

## COMMUNICATION

## S ERROR

## INOP

## MULTIPLE AME

## COMM ERROR -

## RDA FORCED TO

## STBY

## TX DETECT

## ERROR AT AME

## AME INTERNAL

## TEMPERATURE

## HIGH

## AME RECEIVER

## MODULE

## AME BITE/CAL

## AME +3.3V PS

## VOLTAGE OUT OF

## TOLERANCE

## AME +5V PS

## AME +6.5V PS

## AME +15V PS

## AME +48V PS

## RF PALLET PHASE

## SHIFTER MOTOR

## TIMEOUT

## AME STALO

## DEGRADED

## HORIZONTAL TR

## LIMITER

## LIMITER FAILED

## VERTICAL TR

## AME POWER

## SUPPLY

## MAINT REQUIRED

## AME ADC

## FAULT

## INPUT

## SWITCH POSITION

## ERROR

## OUTPUT

## VERTICAL INPUT

## AME PELTIER

## CURRENT FAULT

## INSIDE FAN

## OUTSIDE FAN

## SPIP  +28V POWER

## SUPPLY FAIL

## SPIP  +15V POWER

## SPIP  +5V POWER

## SPIP  -15V POWER

## SPIP DAQ POWER

## BUTTON OFF

## SPIP PED POWER

## SPIP CH2 DAQ

## POWER BUTTON

## SPIP CH2 PED

## ELEVATION IN -

## DEAD LIMIT

## ELEVATION IN

## +DEAD LIMIT

263 - 299 N/A N/A N/A N/A IN ED PED

## ELEVATION

## INHIBIT

## CURRENT LIMIT

## PEDESTAL +150V

## OVER VOLTAGE

## UNDER VOLTAGE

## MOTOR

## ELEVATION STOW

## PIN ENGAGED

## ELEVATION +

## NORMAL LIMIT

## ELEVATION -

## ENCODER LIGHT

## GEARBOX OIL

## LEVEL LOW

## AZIMUTH

## AZIMUTH MOTOR

## AZIMUTH STOW

## BULL GEAR OIL

## HANDWHEEL

## ENGAGED

## PEDESTAL +28V

## AZIMUTH AMP

## ELEVATION AMP

## PEDESTAL SAFE

## SWITCH OPEN

## PEDESTAL

## UNABLE TO PARK

## RCP SOFT

## +LIMIT

## ELEVATION  -

## LIMIT

## RCP IN CONTROL

## SHUTDOWN

## RCP AZ CONTROL

## UNRESPONSIVE

## RCP EL CONTROL

## RF GEN FREQ

## SELECT

## OSCILLATOR FAIL

## RF GEN RF/STALO

## RF GEN PHASE

## SHIFTED COHO

## RF IFDR COHO

## INPUT MISSING

## RCVR +5V POWER

## SUPPLY 5 FAIL

## RCVR +/-18V

## POWER SUPPLY 1

## RCVR -9V POWER

## SUPPLY 4 FAIL

## RCVR +9V POWER

## SUPPLY 6 FAIL

## SINGLE CHANNEL

## RDAIU +5V

## POWER SUPPLY 9

## COHO/CLOCK

## PROCESSOR TO

## IFDR

## MISSING BURST

## PULSE SIGNAL

372 - 380 N/A N/A N/A N/A MR ED SIG

## PROCESSOR

## SEQUENCE

## TRUNCATED

## PATTERN

## ALTERED

## TRIGGER PERIOD

## TRIGGER ERROR

## PROCESSOR SELF

## CHECK FAILED

## IFDR TEST

## RPG LOOP TEST

## TIMED OUT

## VERIFICATION

## INVALID REMOTE

## VCP RECEIVED

## REMOTE VCP NOT

## DOWNLOADED

## INVALID RPG

## RECEIVED

## RADIAL DATA

## LOST

## STANDBY FORCED

## BY INOP ALARM

399 - 400 N/A N/A N/A N/A 401 - 420 N/A N/A N/A N/A

## RESERVED FOR

## INTERNAL RDA

### USE

## BYPASS MAP FILE

## READ FAILED

## WRITE FAILED

## CLUTTER MAP

## FILE READ

## FILE WRITE

## CLUTTER CENSOR

## STATE FILE READ

## STATE FILE

## ADAPTATION FILE

## BASELINE FILE

## FILE

## GENERATION

## TOO MANY LOG

## FILES - PLEASE

## REMOVE SOME

## DISK I/O ERROR

## RSP INTERNAL

## HARD DRIVE

## ‘SMART’ FAILURE

## DETECTED

## REMOTE VCP FILE

## RSP REMOVABLE

## RPG LINK

## INITIALIZATION

## SPIP COMM

## MULTIPLE

## COMMAND ERROR

## - RDA FORCED TO

## LAUNCH ERROR

## RSP COMPONENT

## RSP CMOS

## BATTERY FAIL

## RSP COOLING

## FAN FAIL

## RSP HEALTH

## MONITORING

## REDUNDANT

## CHANNEL COMM

## INTERPANEL

## LINK FAILED

## NOISE LEVEL

## NOISE

## VERTICAL NOISE

## LEVEL

## POWER SENSE

## VERITCAL POWER

## SENSE LOW

## DIFFERENTIAL

## BIAS DEGRADED

## VERTICAL GAIN

## CONSTANT

## GAIN

## VELOCITY/WIDTH

## CHECK

## DYNAMIC RANGE

## REJECTION

## LINEARITY SLOPE

## LINEARITY TEST

## SIGNAL - MAINT

## VERITCAL

## KLYSTRON OUT

## TEST SIGNAL

## RPG COMMAND

## REJECTED

## RMS COMMAND

## RDA  COMMAND

## INVALID

## PARAMETER

## ALREADY

## CONTROLLING -

## CMD REJECTED

## ALREADY NON-

## CONTROL

## FAILURE - RDAIU

## SWITCH TIMEOUT

## SWITCH FAILED

## CONTROL FOR

## INVALID STATUS

## FOR CHANNEL

## SWITCH - OTHER

## CHANNEL IN

## SWITCH -

## CALIBRATION IN

## PROGRESS

## HOUSING PS FAIL

## HOUSING PS PAIL

## PROCESS

## FAILURE -

## FORCED TO

## STANDBY INOP

## SYSTEM STATUS

## MONITOR

## ERROR - REBOOT

## SYSTEM STATE

## TRANSITION

## INVALID CENSOR

## ZONE MESSAGE

## CUT TRANSITION

## CUT TIMEOUT-

## RESTART VCP

## INIT SEQ

## TIMEOUT-

## REBOOT

## PERF CHECK

## TRANSMIT BIAS

## 3.2.4.7

## UNITS(5) RANGE

## REMARKS

### Communications

Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Loop Back Test Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 3 0=Pass, 1=Fail, 2=Timeout, 3=Not Tested (1) T1 Output Frames The number of octets received on interface, including frame octets Integer*4 octet 0 to 232-1 N/A 3 - 4 T1 Input Frames The number of octets sent on interface, including frame octets Integer*4 octet 0 to 232-1 N/A 5 - 6 Router Memory Used Bytes currently in use by applications on managed device Integer*4 byte 0 to 232-1 N/A 7 - 8 Router Memory Free Bytes currently free on managed device Integer*4 byte 0 to 232-1 N/A 9 - 10 Router Memory Utilization Integer*2 % 0 to 100 N/A Route to RPG Status of backup communications route to the RPG Integer*2 N/A 0 to 4 N/A 0=Normal 1=Backup in Use 2=Backup Down Failure 3=Backup Commanded Down 4=Backup Not Installed CSU Loss of Signal Number of times Loss of Signal event detected Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 13 - 14 CSU Loss of Frames Number of times Loss of Frames event detected Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 15 - 16 CSU Yellow Alarms Number of times Resource Availability Indication (RAI) (yellow) alarm received. Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 17 - 18 CSU Blue Alarms Number of times Alarm Indication Signal (AIS) (blue) alarm received. Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 19 - 20 CSU 24hr Errored Seconds (6) Number of errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 21 - 22 CSU 24hr Severely Errored Seconds (6) Number of severely errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 23 - 24 CSU 24hr Severely Errored Framing Seconds (6) Number of severely errored framing seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 25 - 26 CSU 24hr Unavailable Seconds (6) Number of unavailable seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 27 - 28 CSU 24hr Controlled Slip Seconds (6) Number of controlled slip seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 29 - 30 CSU 24hr Path Coding Violations (6) Number of path coding violations in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 31 - 32 CSU 24hr Line Errored Seconds (6) Number of line errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 33 - 34 CSU 24hr Bursty Errored Seconds (6) Number of bursty errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 35 - 36 CSU 24hr Degraded Minutes (6) Number of degraded minutes in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 min 0 to 232-1 N/A 37 - 38 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Loop Back Test Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 3 0=Pass, 1=Fail, 2=Timeout, 3=Not Tested (1) T1 Output Frames The number of octets received on interface, including frame octets Integer*4 octet 0 to 232-1 N/A 3 - 4 T1 Input Frames The number of octets sent on interface, including frame octets Integer*4 octet 0 to 232-1 N/A 5 - 6 Router Memory Used Bytes currently in use by applications on managed device Integer*4 byte 0 to 232-1 N/A 7 - 8 Router Memory Free Bytes currently free on managed device Integer*4 byte 0 to 232-1 N/A 9 - 10 Router Memory Utilization Integer*2 % 0 to 100 N/A Route to RPG Status of backup communications route to the RPG Integer*2 N/A 0 to 4 N/A 0=Normal 1=Backup in Use 2=Backup Down Failure 3=Backup Commanded Down 4=Backup Not Installed CSU Loss of Signal Number of times Loss of Signal event detected Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 13 - 14 CSU Loss of Frames Number of times Loss of Frames event detected Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 15 - 16 CSU Yellow Alarms Number of times Resource Availability Indication (RAI) (yellow) alarm received. Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 17 - 18 CSU Blue Alarms Number of times Alarm Indication Signal (AIS) (blue) alarm received. Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 19 - 20 CSU 24hr Errored Seconds (6) Number of errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 21 - 22 CSU 24hr Severely Errored Seconds (6) Number of severely errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 23 - 24 CSU 24hr Severely Errored Framing Seconds (6) Number of severely errored framing seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 25 - 26 CSU 24hr Unavailable Seconds (6) Number of unavailable seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 27 - 28 CSU 24hr Controlled Slip Seconds (6) Number of controlled slip seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 29 - 30 CSU 24hr Path Coding Violations (6) Number of path coding violations in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 N/A 0 to 232-1 N/A 31 - 32 CSU 24hr Line Errored Seconds (6) Number of line errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 33 - 34 CSU 24hr Bursty Errored Seconds (6) Number of bursty errored seconds in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 s 0 to 232-1 N/A 35 - 36 CSU 24hr Degraded Minutes (6) Number of degraded minutes in previous 24 hours. Integer*4 min 0 to 232-1 N/A 37 - 38 N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 39 - 40 LAN Switch CPU Utilization Integer*4 % 0 to 100 N/A 41 - 42 LAN Switch Memory Integer*2 % 0 to 100 N/A Utilization Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) IFDR Chasis Temperature Temperature of the IFDR case Integer*2 deg C -30 to N/A

## IFDR FPGA

### Temperature

Temperature of IFDR's Temperature of IFDR's

## FPGA

### Integer*2

## 0=OK,

## 2=N/A

### Commanded

Channel Control Indicates which channel the RDA has commanded to be the controlling channel.  This is not necessarily the channel which is in control. Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2 Channel Control Indicates which channel the RDA has commanded to be the controlling channel.  This is not necessarily the channel which is in control. Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2

## 0=N/A,

1=Channel 1, 2=Channel 2 N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) AME Polarization Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2 0 = H Only

## 1 = H + V

## 0.1

AME Receiver Module Temperature Real*4 deg C -40.0 to +125.0 N/A

### Module

Real*4 deg C -40.0 to +125.0 Temperature Real*4 deg C -40.0 to +125.0 AME Peltier Integer*2 % 0 to 100 N/A Pulse Width Modulation AME Peltier Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1

## 0 = OFF

## 1 = ON

## AME A/D

### Converter

Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1

## 0 = OK

## 1 = FAIL

### AME

State Integer*2 N/A 0 to 3 State Integer*2 N/A 0 to 3

## 0 = START

## 1 = RUNNING

## 2 = FLASH

## 3 = ERROR

## 4.09

## 0.01

## 6.10

## 7.50

## 19.00

## 60.00

Power Real*4 V 0.00 to Peltier Current Real*4 A 0.00 to

## 16.00

ADC Calibration Reference Voltage Real*4 V 0.000 to AME Mode Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1

## 0 = READY

## 1 = MAINTENANCE

## 0 = COOL

## 1 = HEAT

## 4.00

AME Peltier Outside Fan Real*4 A 0.00 to Current Horizontal TR Limiter Voltage Real*4 V 0.00 to

## 5.00

Vertical TR Limiter Voltage Real*4 V 0.00 to ADC Calibration Offset Voltage Real*4 mV -50.000 to +50.000 ADC Calibration Gain Correction Real*4 N/A 0.990 to

## 1.010

## RCP STATUS

### Integer

Code for third party radar control program's status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 N/A Code for third party radar control program's status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 N/A

## 0 - RCP OK

## 1 - NOT OK

## RCP STRING

### Descriptive

### Bit

## 12.00

111 - 112 Expansion Real*4 A 0.00 to 113 - 114 Power Administrator Load

### Spare N/A

N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 115 - 136 Transmitter N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 115 - 136 Transmitter

## +5 VDC PS

## +15 VDC PS

## +28 VDC PS

## -15 VDC PS

## +45 VDC PS

## WG/PFN

### Transfer

Interlock Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Open Maintenance Mode Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0= No, 1=Yes Maintenance Required Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=No, 1=Required PFN Switch Position Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Short Pulse, 1=Long Pulse Modulator Overload Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Modulator Inv Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Current Modulator Switch Fail Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Main Power Voltage Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Over Charging System Fail Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Inverse  Diode Current Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Trigger Amplifier Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Circulator Temperature Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Spectrum Filter Pressure Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Interlock Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Open Maintenance Mode Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0= No, 1=Yes Maintenance Required Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=No, 1=Required PFN Switch Position Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Short Pulse, 1=Long Pulse Modulator Overload Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Modulator Inv Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Current Modulator Switch Fail Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Main Power Voltage Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Over Charging System Fail Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Inverse  Diode Current Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Trigger Amplifier Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Circulator Temperature Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Spectrum Filter Pressure Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail

## WG ARC/VSWR

N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Cabinet Interlock Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Open Cabinet Air Temperature Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Cabinet Airflow Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Klystron Current Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Klystron Filament Current Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Klystron Vacion Current Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Klystron Air Temperature Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Klystron Airflow Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Modulator Switch Maintenance Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Required Post Charge Regulator Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Maintenance Maintenance WG Pressure/Humidi ty Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Transmitter Overvoltage Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Over Transmitter Overcurrent Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Over Focus Coil Current Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Focus Coil Airflow Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Oil Temperature Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail PRF Limit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Transmitter Oil Level Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Transmitter Battery Charging Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Yes, 1=No High Voltage (HV) Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=On, 1=Off Transmitter Recycling Summary Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Normal, 1=Recycling Transmitter Inoperable Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1

## 0=OK, 1=INOP

### Transmitter Air

Filter Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Dirty, 1=OK Zero Test Bit 0 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 1 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 2 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 3 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 4 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 5 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 6 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 7 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail One Test Bit 0 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 1 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 2 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 3 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 4 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 5 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 6 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 7 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK Air Filter Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Dirty, 1=OK Zero Test Bit 0 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 1 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 2 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 3 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 4 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 5 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 6 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Zero Test Bit 7 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail One Test Bit 0 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 1 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 2 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 3 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 4 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 5 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 6 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK One Test Bit 7 Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK

### Interface

N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK Transmitter Summary Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 4 0=Ready, 1=Alarm, 2=Maintenance, 3=Recycle, 4=Preheat Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Transmitter RF Power (Sensor) Real*4 mW 0.0000 to Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Fail, 1=OK Transmitter Summary Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 4 0=Ready, 1=Alarm, 2=Maintenance, 3=Recycle, 4=Preheat Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Transmitter RF Power (Sensor) Real*4 mW 0.0000 to

## 10.0000

## 999.9

207 - 208 XMTR Peak Power Real*4 kW 0 to 209 - 210 Vertical XMTR Peak Power Real*4 kW 0 to 211 - 212 XMTR RF Avg Power Real*4 W 0 to

## 9999.9

## 999.9999

## 0.000

219 - 220 Transmit Real*4 dB - N/A 221 - 222 Imbalance to 999.99 XMTR Power Meter Zero Real*4 V 0.01 to

## 8.00

## (TPS)

## 1=OK

### Receiver

Connected to Antenna Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2 N/A on a single channel system. 0=Connected, 1=Not Connected, Connected to Antenna Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2 N/A on a single channel system. 0=Connected, 1=Not Connected,

### Radome

Hatch Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Open, 1=Closed AC Unit #1 Filter Dirty Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Dirty, 1=OK AC Unit #2 Filter Dirty Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 N/A 0=Dirty, 1=OK Equipment Shelter Temperature Real*4 deg C 0.00 to +50.00 Hatch Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Open, 1=Closed AC Unit #1 Filter Dirty Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Dirty, 1=OK AC Unit #2 Filter Dirty Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 N/A 0=Dirty, 1=OK Equipment Shelter Temperature Real*4 deg C 0.00 to +50.00 261 - 262 Outside Ambient Temperature Real*4 deg C -50.00 to +50.00 263 - 264 Transmitter Leaving Air Temp Real*4 deg C -10.00 to +60.00 265 - 266 AC Unit #1 Real*4 deg C 0.00 to 267 - 268 Discharge Air Temp +50.00 Generator Shelter Temperature Real*4 deg C 0.00 to +50.00 269 - 270 Radome Air Temperature Real*4 deg C -50.00 to +50.00 271 - 272 AC Unit #2 Discharge Air Temp Real*4 deg C 0.00 to +50.00 273 - 274 SPIP +15v PS Real*4 V N/A 275 - 276 SPIP -15v PS Real*4 V N/A N/A 277 - 278

## SPIP +28V PS

status Power supply that powers the SPIP Integer *2 N/A 0 to 1 0 = Fail, 1 = OK N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) SPIP +5v PS Real*4 V 0.00 to

## 6.64

281 - 282 Converted Generator Fuel Level Integer*2 % 0 to 100 N/A Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 284 - 299 Antenna/Pedestal Elevation + Dead Limit Antenna is in the upper dead limit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=In Limit

## +150V

Overvoltage Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Overvoltage Undervoltage Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Overvoltage Elevation Servo Amp Inhibit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Normal, 1=Inhibit Elevation Servo Amp Short Circuit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Normal, 1=Short Circuit Elevation Servo Amp Overtemp Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Normal, 1=Overtemp Elevation Motor Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1

### Overtemp

1=Overtemp Elevation Stow Pin Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Operational, 1=Engaged Elevation Housing 5V PS The elevation house DC to DC converter/power supply Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Elevation -Dead Limit Antenna is in the lower dead limit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=In Limit Elevation +Normal Limit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=In Limit Elevation - Normal Limit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=In Limit Elevation Encoder Light Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Fail, 0=OK Elevation Gearbox Oil Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Oil Level Low Elevation Handwheel Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Operational, 1=Engaged Elevation Amp PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Azimuth Servo Amp Inhibit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Inhibit Azimuth Servo Amp Short Circuit Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Short Circuit, 0=OK Azimuth Servo Amp Overtemp Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Overtemp Azimuth Motor Overtemp Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Overtemp Azimuth Stow Pin Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Operational, 1=Engaged Azimuth Housing 5V PS The azimuth housing DC to DC converter/power supply Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Azimuth Encoder Light Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Azimuth Gearbox Oil Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Oil Level Low Azimuth Bull Gear Oil Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 1=Oil Level Low Azimuth Handwheel Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Operational, 1=Engaged Azimuth Servo Amp PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Servo Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=On, 1=Off Pedestal Interlock Switch Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Operational, 1=Safe Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3). 329 - 340 RF Generator/Receiver COHO/Clock Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Rf Generator Frequency Select Oscillator Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Rf Generator

## RF/STALO

## COHO

N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail +9v Receiver PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail +5v Receiver PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail 18v Receiver PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail -9v Receiver PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail +5v Single Channel RDAIU PS Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Horizontal Short Pulse Noise Real*4 dBm -100.00 to -50.00 351 - 352 Horizontal Long Pulse Noise Real*4 dBm -100.00 to -50.00 353 - 354 Horizontal Noise Temperature Real*4 K 0 to

## 9999.99

355 - 356 Vertical Short Pulse Noise Real*4 dBm 100.00 to -50.00 357 - 358 Vertical Long Pulse Noise Real*4 dBm -100.00 to -50.00 Vertical Noise Temperature Real*4 K 0 to Calibration Horizontal Linearity Real*4 N/A 0.5000 to

## 1.5000

## 120.000

365 - 366 Horizontal Delta dBZ0 Real*4 dB -198.00 to +198.00 367 - 368 Vertical Delta dBZ0 Real*4 dB -198.00 to +198.00 369 - 370 KD Peak Measured Real*4 dBm -99.90 to +99.90 371 - 372 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 373 - 374 Short Pulse, Horizontal dBZ0 Real*4 dBZ -99.900 to +99.900 375 - 376 Long Pulse, Horizontal dBZ0 Real*4 dBZ -99.9000 to +99.9000 377 - 378 Velocity (Processed) Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Good, 1=Fail Width (Processed) Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Good, 1=Fail Velocity (RF Gen) Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Good, 1=Fail Width (RF Gen) Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=Good, 1=Fail Horizontal I0 Real*4 dBm - N/A 383 - 384

## 999.9000

to +999.900 Vertical I0 Real*4 dBm - to +999.900 385 - 386 Vertical Dynamic Range Real*4 dB 0.000 to 387 - 388 Short Pulse, Vertical dBZ0 Real*4 dBZ -99.9000 to +99.9000 389 - 390 Long Pulse, Vertical dBZ0 Real*4 dBZ -99.9000 to +99.9000 391 - 392 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 393 - 394 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 395 - 396 Horizontal Power Sense Real*4 dBm - 397 - 398 Vertical Power Sense Real*4 dBm - 399 - 400 ZDR Bias Real*4 dB - 401 - 402 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 403 - 408 Clutter Real*4 dB -99.90 to Suppression Delta +99.90 Clutter Suppression Unfiltered Power Real*4 dBZ -99.90 to +99.90 411 - 412 Clutter Suppression Filtered Power Real*4 dBZ -99.90 to +99.90 413 - 414 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 415 - 416 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 417 - 418 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 419 - 422 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 423 - 424 Vertical Linearity Real*4 N/A 0.5000 to 425 - 426 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 427 - 430 File Status State File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail State File Write Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Bypass Map File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Bypass Map File Write Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Current Adaptation File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Current Adaptation File Write Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Censor Zone File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Censor Zone File Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Write Status Remote VCP File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Remote VCP File Write Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Baseline Adaptation File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Read Status of PRF Sets Bitfield of PRF set read status: Bit 0 - Surveillance Bit 1 - Doppler Bit 2 - Staggered PRT Code*2 N/A 0 to 7 For each bit: 0=Fail, 1=OK Clutter Filter Map File Read Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail Clutter Filter Map File Write Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail General Disk I/O Error Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail RSP Status Bitfield of RSP Health Status Bit 0 – RSP Internal Drive ‘SMART’ Status Bit 1 – RSP Removable Drive ‘SMART’ Status Bit 2 – RSP CPU 1 ‘Overtemp’ Bit 3 – RSP CPU 2 ‘Overtemp’ Bit 4 – RSP CMOS Battery Failure Bit 5 – RSP Fan Failure Bit 6 – RSP Motherboard ‘Overtemp’ Code*1 N/A N/A N/A For each bit,: 1=Fail,  0 = OK 448 – Byte 0 Motherboard Temperature Temperature of the RSP’s motherboard. Integer*1 deg C 0 - 255 See Note 7 448 – Byte 1

## CPU 1

## CPU 2

## 65535

### See

Note 7 CPU 2 Fan Speed RSP CPU 2 Cooling Fan Speed Integer*2 RPM 0 – Note 7 CPU 2 Fan Speed RSP CPU 2 Cooling Fan Speed Integer*2 RPM 0 – Note 7 RSP Fan 1 Speed RSP Case Cooling Fan 1 Speed Integer*2 RPM 0 – Note 7 RSP Fan 2 Speed RSP Case Cooling Fan 2 Speed Integer*2 RPM 0 – Note 7 RSP Fan 3 Speed RSP Case Cooling Fan 3 Speed Integer*2 RPM 0 – Note 7 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 455 - 460 Device Status SPIP Comm Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail HCI Comm Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) Signal Processor Command Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0=OK, 1=Fail AME Communication Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1

### RMS

Link Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0 = Connected,     1 = Not Connected RPG Link Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0 = Connected,  1 = Not Connected Interpanel Link Status The link between channel 1 SPIP to channel 2 SPIP for power, and Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2 Link Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0 = Connected,     1 = Not Connected RPG Link Status Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1 0 = Connected,  1 = Not Connected Interpanel Link Status The link between channel 1 SPIP to channel 2 SPIP for power, and Integer*2 N/A 0 to 2 2 = N/A (Single Channel communications System) Performance Check Time Unix Epoch Time of the next performance check is due.  (This is a 32 bit time_t) Integer*4 N/A N/A 469 - 470 Spare N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A See Note (3) 471 - 479 Version Version Number for the Performance Data Message Integer*2 N/A N/A Expected to change if any other change rest of the message Notes: (1) No = Not connected or not configured. (3) Value of field will be zero. (4) This note is not used. (5) See Appendix B for unit definitions and standard symbology. (6) 24 hour statistics are updated at 15 minute intervals. 7) For these values the maximum value of the range is used to denote a suspected sensor failure, so 255 for the temperature values is a failing code, as is 65535 for a fan rpm value.   These values are well past physically reasonable and so are convenient for using as code values.

## 3.2.4.8

## UNITS

## HALF WORD

## 3.2.4.9

## HALF

## WORD

### Loopback

Size Number of halfwords in message (does not include message header) Integer*2 N/A 2 to 1200 N/A Bit Pattern Bit Pattern of 0's and 1's used to test interface. N/A N/A N/A N/A 2 to 1200 Message Size Number of halfwords in message (does not include message header) Integer*2 N/A 2 to 1200 N/A Bit Pattern Bit Pattern of 0's and 1's used to test interface. N/A N/A N/A N/A 2 to 1200

## 3.2.4.10

## UNITS(5)

### Bypass Map

Generation Date Julian Date - 2440586.5(3) Integer*2 d 1 to 65535 Bypass Map Generation Time Number of Minutes since Midnight Greenwich Mean Time Integer*2 min 0 to 1440 Number of Segments Number of Elevation Segments Integer*2 N/A 1 to 5 For Each Segment (1) Segment Number Segment Number Integer*2 N/A 1 to 5 E1 Range Bins Radial 1, Range Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E2 Bins 0 to 15 Range Bins Radial 1, Range Bins 16 to 31 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E3 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Range Bins Radial 1, Range Bins 496 to 511 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E33 Range Bins Radial 2, Range Bins 0 to 15 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E34 Range Bins Radial 2, Range Bins 16 to 31 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E35 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Range Bins Radial 2 Range Bins 496 to 511 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E65 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Range Bins Radial 360 Range Bins 0 to Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) Map Generation Date Julian Date - 2440586.5(3) Integer*2 d 1 to 65535 Bypass Map Generation Time Number of Minutes since Midnight Greenwich Mean Time Integer*2 min 0 to 1440 Number of Segments Number of Elevation Segments Integer*2 N/A 1 to 5 For Each Segment (1) Segment Number Segment Number Integer*2 N/A 1 to 5 E1 Range Bins Radial 1, Range Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E2 Bins 0 to 15 Range Bins Radial 1, Range Bins 16 to 31 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E3 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Range Bins Radial 1, Range Bins 496 to 511 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E33 Range Bins Radial 2, Range Bins 0 to 15 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E34 Range Bins Radial 2, Range Bins 16 to 31 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E35 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Range Bins Radial 2 Range Bins 496 to 511 Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) E65 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Range Bins Radial 360 Range Bins 0 to Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4)

## E11490

### Range

Bins Radial 360 Range Bins 16 to Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4) Bins Radial 360 Range Bins 16 to Code*2 N/A 0 or 1 (2) 1 (4)

## E11491

## E11521

## 3.2.4.11

## FORMAT(2)

## UNITS(6)

## VALUE)

RDA (1) RDA State Command Values: No Change Stand-By Operate Restart Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits set) 32769 (bit 0 & 15 =1) 32772 (bit 2 & 15 =1) 32776 (bit 3 & 15 =1) Note (3) N/A N/A N/A N/A

## AUXILIAR

## Y POWER

## GENERAT

### Note(4)

Power Generator Control Values: No Change Switch to Auxiliary Power Switch to Utility Power Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits set) 32772 (bit 2 & 15 =1) 32770 (bit 1 & 15 =1) Aux. Power Generator Control Values: No Change Switch to Auxiliary Power Switch to Utility Power Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits set) 32772 (bit 2 & 15 =1) 32770 (bit 1 & 15 =1) 3 RDA

## S AND

## AUTHORIZ

## ATION

No Change Control Command Clear Local Control Enabled Remote Control Accepted Remote Control Requested Code*2 As listed 0 (no bits set) 2 (bit 1 set) 4 (bit 2 set) 8 (bit 3 set) 16 (bit 4 set)

## RESTART

## VCP OR

### Restart VCP

or Elevation Cut Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits VCP or Elevation Cut Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits 5

## ELEVATIO

## N CUT

### Values:

## LOCAL

## NUMBER

## FOR NEXT

## SCAN

Use Remote Pattern Pattern Number No Change Integer*2 As Listed 0 (no bits set) 1 to 767 32767 1 6 N/A N/A N/A

## SUPER

## RESOLUTI

ON No change Enable Disable Code*2 (4) N/A As Listed 0 (no bits set) 2 (bit 1 set) 4 (bit 2 set) 8

## MITIGATI

## DECISION

No change Enable Disable Code*2 (4) As Listed 0 (no bits set) 2 (bit 1 set) 4 (bit 2 set)

## AVSET

No change Code*2 (4) As Listed 0 (no bits 10 Enable Disable set) 2 (bit 1 set) 4 (bit 2 set) No Change Set to Controlling Channel Set to Non- controlling Channel Code*2 As Listed 0 (no bits set) 1 (bit 0 set) 2 (bit 1 set)

## PERFORM

## ANCE

### No

Change Force Performance Check Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits set) 1 (bit 0 set) N/A Change Force Performance Check Code*2 N/A As Listed 0 (no bits set) 1 (bit 0 set) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 14 to 20

## SPOT

## BLANKING

No Change Enable Spot Blanking Disable Spot Blanking Code*2 21 N/A N/A N/A 22 to 26 (1)  Only one command is allowed at a time; except Restart, which is allowed with operational commands. (2)  A halfword is defined to be 16 bits.  All specified bit locations are referenced from 0 (the LSB) to 15 (the MSB). (3)  This halfword used to be for based data selection but as of RDA Build 14.0, the RDA will ignore any base data selection control commands. (4)  The states are mutually exclusive. (5)  This note is no longer used. (6) See Appendix B for unit definitions and standard symbology. (7) "Offline Operate" has been removed from the RDA software in the build 19.

## 3.2.4.12

## FORMAT(4)

## UNITS (10)

## VALUE)(7)

## MESSAGE SIZE

### Constant

Elevation Cut Code*2 N/A As listed N/A Elevation Cut Code*2 N/A As listed N/A

### Pattern

Values: Operational Constant Elevation Types (11) Integer*2 Number Values: Operational Constant Elevation Types (11) Integer*2 See Appendix C for available VCPs 1 3

## NUMBER OF

## CUTS

## VERSION

### VCP

## GROUP

## DOPPLER

## VELOCITY

## RESOLUTION

### Doppler

Velocity Resolution Values: 0.5 1.0 Code*1 m/s As Listed 2 (set bit 9) 4 (set bit 10) Velocity Resolution Values: 0.5 1.0 Code*1 m/s As Listed 2 (set bit 9) 4 (set bit 10) 6 (1)

## PULSE WIDTH

### Pulse

Width Values: Code*1 Width Values: Code*1 As listed 2 (set bit 6 (2) Short Long 1) 4 (set bit 2)

## RESERVED(14)

## SEQUENCING(1

## SEQUENCING

## VALUES

Number of Elevations Maximum SAILS Cuts Sequence Active Truncated VCP Code*2(15)  Bits 0-4 Bits 5-6 Bit 13 set Bit 14 set N/A VCP

## SUPPLEMENT

## AL DATA(14)

## AL VALUES

## SAILS VCP

## MRLE VCP

## MPDA VCP

## BASE TILT

## BASE TILTS

Code*2(16)  Bit 0 set Bits 1-3 Bit 4 set Bits 5-7 Bits 8-10 Bit 11 set Bit 12 set Bits 13-15 N/A N/A N/A N/A Repeat for each elevation angle (18)

## ANGLE (3)

## 0.000000

## 0.043945

E1 Channel Code*1

## E2 (1)

## CONFIGURATI

### ON

Configuration Values: Constant Phase Random Phase SZ2 Phase 0 1 2 Configuration Values: Constant Phase Random Phase SZ2 Phase 0 1 2

## WAVEFORM

### Waveform

Type Values: Contiguous Surveillance Contiguous Doppler w/ Ambiguity Resolution Contiguous Doppler w/o Ambiguity Resolution Batch Staggered Pulse Pair Code*1 Type Values: Contiguous Surveillance Contiguous Doppler w/ Ambiguity Resolution Contiguous Doppler w/o Ambiguity Resolution Batch Staggered Pulse Pair Code*1 As Listed (8) 1 2 3 4 5

## E2  (2)

### Super

Resolution Control Values:  Resolution Control Values: 

## 0.5

## E3 (1)

## SURVEILLANC

## E PRF

## NUMBER(5)

## E3 (2)

## E PRF PULSE

## COUNT/RADIA

## L(5)

## RATE

## 0.0109863281

## THRESHOLD

### Signal

to noise ratio (SNR) threshold for reflectivity Scaled SInteger*2 dB -12.0 to +20.0 .125 E6 to noise ratio (SNR) threshold for velocity Scaled SInteger*2 dB -12.0 to +20.0 .125 E7

## WIDTH

to noise ratio (SNR) threshold for spectrum width Scaled SInteger*2 Db -12.0 to +20.0 .125 E8 to noise ratio (SNR) threshold for differential reflectivity Scaled SInteger*2 dB -12.0 to +20.0 .125 E9

## PHASE

## CORRELATION

## COEFFICIENT

## EDGE ANGLE

### Sector

1 Azimuth Clockwise Edge Angle (denotes start angle) Code*2 (6) deg E12

## DOPPLER PRF

## PULSE

### Supplemental

Data Values SAILS Cut Data Values SAILS Cut

## SAILS

## MRLE

Number Spare MPDA Cut Cut Code*2  Bit 0 set Bits 1-3 Bit 4 set Bits 5-7 Bit 8 Bit 9 set Bit 10 set N/A

## E15(17)

## E14 FOR

## SECTOR 2

## EBC ANGLE

The correction added to the elevation angle for this cut Code*2(6) deg E19 SAME AS E12 to

## SECTOR 3

E20 to E22 N/A N/A N/A N/A E23 (1)  Upper byte. (2)  Lower byte. (3)  For Each Elevation Cut, repeat E1-E23 (4)  A halfword is defined to be 16 bits.  All specified bit locations are referenced from 0 (the LSB) to 15 (the MSB). (5)  Zero values are only to be used when the field is non-applicable.  For example ... for VCP 21, cut 1 is a contiguous surveillance cut.  The Doppler fields will all have "0" for their value.  Cut 2 is a contiguous doppler cut, thus the surveillance fields will have "0" for their value. (6)  Format defined in Table III-A. (7)  Values shown are after applicable scaling and conversion is done. (8)  Values are mutually exclusive. (9)  Format defined in Table XI-D. (10) See Appendix B for unit definitions and standard symbology. (11)  Currently all operational VCP patterns are constant elevation types. (12)  Clutter map groups are not currently used.  The currently used value for this field is 1. (13)  Values can be independently set and are not exclusive. (14)  Reserved for RPG use.  These values will be byte swapped as half words in the RDA and returned to the RPG. (15)  VCP Sequencing information used by the RPG.  A VCP that is part of a VCP Sequence may be truncated in the number of elevation cuts without changing the VCP number.  Bits 0-4 are used to denote the number of elevation cuts within this truncated VCP.  The truncated VCP may also support Supplemental Adaptive Intra-volume Low elevation Scan (SAILS) with a limited number of SAILS cuts.

### Bits

## 3.2.4.12.1

## WEIGHT (1) (2)

## 0.010986328125

## 0.02197265625

## 0.0439453125

## 0.087890625

## 0.17578125

## 0.3515625

## 0.703125

## 1.40625

## 2.8125

## 5.625

## 11.25

## 22.5

### Sign Bit

(1 indicates negative) (3) Notes: 1.  X indicates not applicable 2.  Units are degrees per second. 3.  Format is  2's  complement  binary scaled integer (i.e., SInteger *2) Bit  (1 indicates negative) (3) Notes: 1.  X indicates not applicable 2.  Units are degrees per second. 3.  Format is  2's  complement  binary scaled integer (i.e., SInteger *2)

## 3.2.4.13

## UNITS(3)

## OVERRIDE

## REGIONS

## START

## RANGE (1)

## STOP

The stop range for this clutter map override region. Integer*2 km 0 to 511 R2 [3 + (i*6)] The start azimuth for this clutter map override region. Integer*2 deg 0 to 360 R3 [4 + (i*6)] The stop azimuth for this clutter map override region. Integer*2 deg 0 to 360 R4 [5 + (i*6)] N

## SEGMENT

### Elevation

## OPERATO

## R SELECT

Bypass Filter Forced (no filtering) Bypass Map in Control Clutter Filtering Forced Code*2 As Listed 0 1 2 R6 [7 + (i*6)] Notes: 1.  For each subsequent region, halfwords R1 through R6 shall be repeated. For example, region 0 will use halfwords 2 through 7, region 1 will use halfwords 8 through 13, region 2 will use halfwords 14 through 19, etc. 2.  Where "i" is used, i = override region number (0-based). 3.  See Appendix B for unit definitions and standard symbology.

## 3.2.4.14

XIII  Request for Data  (Message Type 9) (1) Request Type Request Summary RDA Status Request RDA Performance/Ma intenance Data Request Clutter Filter Bypass Map Request Clutter Filter Map Request RDA Adaptation Data Request Volume Coverage Pattern Data Code*2 As Listed 129 (bits 0&7=1) 130 (bits 1&7=1) 132 (bits 2&7=1) 136 (bits 3&7=1) 144 (bits 4&7=1) 160 (bits 5&7=1) 1 Notes: 1.  LSB = bit 0

## 3.2.4.15

## ACCURACY

## /PRECISION

### Map

Generation Date Julian Date - 2440586.5 (1) Integer*2 d 1 to 65535 Map Generation Time Number of Minutes since Midnight Greenwich Mean Time Integer*2 min 0 to 1440 Number of Elevation Segments Number of elevation segments in map. Integer*2 N/A 1 to 5 Repeat for each Elevation Segment (2) Repeat for each Azimuth Segment (3) Number of Range Zones Number of defined range zones for this azimuth. Integer*2 N/A 1 to 20 A1 Range Zone  (4) Op Code Bypass Filter Bypass map in Control Force Filter Code*2 N/A As Listed N/A R1 End Range (4) Stop Range per Zone Integer*2 km 0 to 511 R2 Same as R1 & R2 for Range Zone ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Same as R1 & R2 for # of Range Zones specified Notes: 1.  1 January 1970 00.00 Greenwich Mean Time = 1 Modified Julian Date 2.  There can be up to 5 elevation segments. Typically, only 2 elevation segments are used. The first elevation segment is closest to the ground, increasing segment numbers denote increasing elevation. 3.  There are 360 azimuth segments (segment 0 through segment 359).  The first azimuth radial, R0, subtends the angle (0.0  R0 < 1.0) degrees, with the next azimuth radial, R1, subtending the angle (1.0  R1 < 2.0) degrees, etc.  Increasing angles are taken to be clockwise relative to true north. 4.  There are 20 possible range zones. Not all range zones need to be defined.  The last range zone must have end range of 511. 5.  See Appendix B for unit definitions and standard symbology.

## 3.2.4.16

## VALUE)(8)

## ADAP_FILE

## _NAME

## NAME OF

## ADAPTATION

## DATA FILE

### String

## ADAP_FOR

## FORMAT OF

## ADAP_REVI

## SION

## REVISION

## ADAP_DAT

## LAST

## MODIFIED

## DATE

## ADAP_TIME

## TIME OF

## LOWER_PR

## E_LIMIT

## ANGLE OF THE

## LOWER PRE-

## LIMIT SWITCH

Real*4 deg 3.000 to 44 -  47

## AZ_LAT

## LATENCY OF

## ENCODERMEA

## SUREMENT

## 2.0000

## UPPER_PRE

## _LIMIT

## UPPER PRE-

## 66.000

## EL_LAT

## ENCODER

## MEASUREMEN

## 2.000

## PARKAZ

## PARK

## POSITION IN

## 359.99

## PARKEL

## 55.00

## A_FUEL_CO

## NV(0)

## FUEL LEVEL

## HEIGHT/CAPA

## CITY

## CONVERSION

## (0% HGT)

## 100.0

## NV(1)

## (10% HGT)

## NV(2)

## (20% HGT)

## NV(3)

## (30% HGT)

## NV(4)

## (40% HGT)

## NV(5)

## (50% HGT)

## NV(6)

## (60% HGT)

## NV(7)

## (70% HGT)

## NV(8)

## (80% HGT)

## NV(9)

## (90% HGT)

## NV(10)

## (100% HGT)

## A_MIN_SHE

## LTER_TEM

## MINIMUM

## TEMPERATUR

### E

Real*4 deg C 0.0 to 50.0 Real*4 deg C 0.0 to 50.0 112 -  115

## A_MAX_SH

## ELTER_TE

## MAXIMUM

## LTER_AC_T

## EMP_DIFF

## MINIMUM A/C

## DISCHARGE

AIR Real*4 deg C 0.0 to 10.0 120 -  123

## A_MAX_XM

## TR_AIR_TE

## LEAVING AIR

Real*4 deg C 0.0 to 55.0 124 -  127

## A_MAX_RA

## D_TEMP

## RADOME

## D_TEMP_RI

## MINUS

## AMBIENT

## E DIFFERENCE

## LOWER_DE

## AD_LIMIT

## ANGLE OF

## LOWER DEAD

Real*4 deg -4.000 to 136 -  139

## UPPER_DE

## THE UPPER

Real*4 deg 60.000 to 140 -  143 N/A N/A N/A 144 -  147

## A_MIN_GEN

## _ROOM_TE

## A_MAX_GE

## N_ROOM_T

EMP 152 -  155

## SPIP_5V_RE

## G_LIM

## SPIP +5 VOLT

Real*4 % 0.0 to 20.0 156 -  159

## SPIP_15V_R

## EG_LIM

## SPIP +/- 15

## VOLT POWER

160 -  163 N/A N/A N/A 164 -  175

## RPG_CO_LO

## CATED

## RPG CO-

## LOCATED

## SPEC_FILT

## ER_INSTAL

## FILTER

## INSTALLED

## TPS_INSTA

## LLED

## SOURCE

## RMS_INSTA

## FAA RMS

## A_HVDL_TS

## T_INT

## PERFORMANC

## E TEST

## INTERVAL

## A_RPG_LT_I

## RPG LOOP

## TEST

### Integer*4

## A_MIN_STA

## B_UTIL_PW

## R_TIME

## TIME FOR

## STABLE

## UTILITY

## A_GEN_AU

## TO_EXER_I

## NTERVAL

## AUTOMATIC

## A_UTIL_PW

## RECOMMENDE

## R_SW_REQ_

## D SWITCH TO

## POWER TIME

## A_LOW_FU

## EL_LEVEL

## LOW FUEL

## TANK

## WARNING

## CONFIG_C

## HAN_NUMB

## ON CHANNEL

N/A 1 or 2 216 -  219 N/A N/A N/A 220 -  223

## REDUNDAN

## T_CHAN_C

## ONFIG

## ON (1 = SINGLE

## CHAN, 2 = FAA,

## 3 = NWS

## REDUNDANT)

## ATTEN_TAB

## LE(0)

## ATTENUATOR

## INSERTION

### LOSSES

## 1.00

## LE(1)

## 0.00

## LE(2)

(2dB) Real*4 dB -3.00 to - 236 -  239

## LE(3)

## 2.00

240 -  243 Real*4 dB -5.00 to - 244 -  247

## LE(4)

## 3.00

## LE(5)

(5dB) Real*4 dB -6.00 to - 248 -  251

## LE(6)

(6dB) Real*4 dB -7.00 to - 252 -  255

## LE(7)

## 6.00

## LE(8)

## 7.00

## LE(9)

(9dB) Real*4 dB -10.00 to - 264 -  267

## LE(10)

## 9.00

## LE(11)

## 10.00

## LE(12)

## 11.00

276 -  279 Real*4 dB -14.00 to - 280 -  283

## LE(13)

## LE(14)

## 13.00

## LE(15)

## 14.00

## LE(16)

## 15.00

## LE(17)

(17dB) Real*4 dB -18.00 to - 296 -  299

## LE(18)

## 17.00

## LE(19)

## 18.00

## LE(20)

(20dB) Real*4 dB -21.00 to - 308 -  311

## LE(21)

## 20.00

312 -  315 Real*4 dB -23.00 to - 316 -  319

## LE(22)

## 21.00

## LE(23)

## 22.00

## LE(24)

## 23.00

## LE(25)

## 24.00

## LE(26)

## 25.00

## LE(27)

## 26.00

## LE(28)

## 27.00

## LE(29)

## 28.00

## LE(30)

## 29.00

348 -  351 Real*4 dB -32.00 to - 352 -  355

## LE(31)

## 30.00

## LE(32)

## 31.00

## LE(33)

## 32.00

## LE(34)

## 33.00

## LE(35)

## 34.00

## LE(36)

## 35.00

## LE(37)

## 36.00

## LE(38)

## 37.00

## LE(39)

## 38.00

384 -  387 Real*4 dB -41.00 to - 388 -  391

## LE(40)

## 39.00

## LE(41)

## 40.00

## LE(42)

## 41.00

## LE(43)

## 42.00

## LE(44)

## 43.00

## LE(45)

## 44.00

## LE(46)

## 45.00

## LE(47)

## 46.00

## LE(48)

## 47.00

420 -  423 Real*4 dB -50.00 to - 424 -  427

## LE(49)

## 48.00

## LE(50)

## 49.00

## LE(51)

## 50.00

## LE(52)

## 51.00

## LE(53)

## 52.00

## LE(54)

## 53.00

## LE(55)

## 54.00

## LE(56)

(56dB) Real*4 dB -57.00 to - 452 -  455

## LE(57)

## 56.00

456 -  459 Real*4 dB -59.00 to - 460 -  463

## LE(58)

## 57.00

## LE(59)

## 58.00

## LE(60)

## 59.00

## LE(61)

(61dB) Real*4 dB -62.00 to - 472 -  475

## LE(62)

## 61.00

## LE(63)

## 62.00

## LE(64)

## 63.00

## LE(65)

## 64.00

## LE(66)

## 65.00

492 -  495 Real*4 dB -68.00 to - 496 -  499

## LE(67)

## 66.00

## LE(68)

## 67.00

## LE(69)

## 68.00

## LE(70)

## 69.00

## LE(71)

## 70.00

## LE(72)

## 71.00

## LE(73)

## 72.00

## LE(74)

## 73.00

## LE(75)

## 74.00

528 -  531 Real*4 dB -77.00 to - 532 -  535

## LE(76)

## 75.00

## LE(77)

## 76.00

## LE(78)

## 77.00

## LE(79)

## 78.00

## LE(80)

## 79.00

## LE(81)

## 80.00

## LE(82)

## 81.00

## LE(83)

## 82.00

## LE(84)

## 83.00

564 -  567 Real*4 dB -86.00 to - 568 -  571

## LE(85)

## 84.00

## LE(86)

## 85.00

## LE(87)

## 86.00

## LE(88)

## 87.00

## LE(89)

## 88.00

## LE(90)

## 89.00

## LE(91)

## 90.00

## LE(92)

## 91.00

## LE(93)

## 92.00

600 -  603 Real*4 dB -95.00 to - 604 -  607

## LE(94)

## 93.00

## LE(95)

## 94.00

## LE(96)

## 95.00

## LE(97)

## 96.00

## LE(98)

## 97.00

## LE(99)

(99dB) Real*4 dB -100.00 to -98.00 624 -  627

## LE(100)

(100dB) Real*4 dB -101.00 to -99.00 628 -  631

## LE(101)

(101dB) Real*4 dB -102.00 to -100.00 632 -  635

## LE(102)

(102dB) Real*4 dB -103.00 to -101.00 636 -  639 Real*4 dB -104.00 to 640 -  643

## LE(103)

LOSSES (103dB) -102.00 N/A N/A N/A 644 -  667

## PATH_LOSS

## ES(7)

## PATH LOSS -

## VERTICAL IF

## HELIAX TO

## 4AT16

668 -  671 N/A N/A N/A 672 -  683 N/A N/A N/A 684 -  687 N/A N/A N/A 688 -  691

## ES(13)

## 2A9A9 RF

## DELAY LINE

Real*4 dB -60.00 to - 692 -  695 N/A N/A N/A 696 -  699 N/A N/A N/A 700 -  715 N/A N/A N/A 716 -  719 N/A N/A N/A 720 -  751

## ES(28)

## IF HELIAX TO

## 4AT17

Real*4 dB -5.00 to 752 -  755

## H COUPLER

## XMT LOSS

## RF PALLET

## COUPLER

## LOSS

Real*4 dB -40.00 to - 756 -  759 N/A N/A N/A 760 -  763 N/A N/A N/A 764 -  767

## ES(32)

## WG02

## HARMONIC

## 0.05

## ES(33)

## KLYSTRON T0

Real*4 dB -1.00 to - 772 -  775 N/A N/A N/A N/A 776 -  779

## ES(35)

## WG06

Real*4 dB -0.50 to 780 -  783 N/A N/A N/A 784 -  787 N/A N/A N/A 788 -  791 N/A N/A N/A 792 -  795

## ES(39)

## WG04

## ES (40)

## A6 ARC

## DETECTOR

800 -  803 N/A N/A N/A 804 -  807

## ES(42)

## 1DC1

## COUPLING

Real*4 dB -40.00 to -20.00 808 -  811

## ES(43)

## A33 PAD

Real*4 dB -10.00 to 812 -  815

## ES(44)

## COAX

## RF SAMPLE TO

## 0.40

## ES(45)

## A20J1_4

## SPLITTER

Real*4 dB -8.00 to - 820 -  823

## ES(46)

## A20J1_3

## ES(47)

## A20J1_2

## H_COUPLE

## R_CW_LOSS

## V_COUPLE

## R_XMT_LOS

S 836 -  839 N/A N/A N/A 840 -  843

## AME_TS_BI

## AME TEST

## SIGNAL BIAS

### Real*4

## ES(52)

## 1AT4

## COUPLER PAD

Real*4 dB -6.00 to 848 -  851 852 -  855 N/A N/A N/A 856 -  859 N/A N/A N/A 860 -  863

## PWR SENSE

## BIAS

## OFFSET BIAS

## AME V

## NOISE ENR

## AME NOISE

## EXCESS NOISE

## RATIO

Real*4 dB 10.00 to 868 -  871 Real*4 dB -7.00 to 872 - 875

## ES(58)

## ES(59)

## IFDR IF ANTI-

## ALIAS FILTER

Real*4 dB -4.00 to 876 - 879

## ES(60)

## A20J1_5

## ES(61)

AT5 50dB Real*4 dB -53.00 to - 884 - 887 N/A N/A N/A 888 - 891

## ES(63)

## A39 RF_IF

## BURST MIXER

Real*4 dB -16.0 to - 892 - 995

## ES(64)

## AR1 BURST IF

Real*4 dB 23.00 to 896 - 899

## ES(65)

## IFDR BURST

## ANTI-ALIAS

## ES(66)

## COUPLER,

## THROUGH

## ES(67)

## 4DC3J1 TO

## 4A39 L

Real*4 dB -15.00 to - 908 - 911

## ES(68)

AT2+AT3 26dB Real*4 dB -29.00 to - 912 - 915 N/A N/A N/A 916 - 919

## CHAN_CAL_

## NONCONTROL

## DIFF

## LING

## DIFFERENCE

## ES(70 - 71)

## LOCATIONS IN

## PATH_LOSSES

## ARRAY

N/A N/A N/A 924 -  927 N/A N/A N/A 928 -  931 N/A N/A N/A 932 -  935

## V_TS_CW

AME Real*4 dBm 0.00 to 936 -  939

## H_RNSCAL

## E(0)

## HORIZONTAL_

## RECEIVER

## NORMALIZATI

## 1.800

## E(1)

(-0.5 deg to 0.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 944 -  947

## E(2)

(0.0 deg to 0.5 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 948 -  951

## E(3)

Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 952 -  955 ON (0.5 deg to 1.0 deg)

## E(4)

(1.0 deg to 1.5 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 956 -  959

## E(5)

(1.5 deg to 2.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 960 -  963

## E(6)

(2.0 deg to 2.5 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 964 -  967

## E(7)

(2.5 deg to 3.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 968 -  971

## E(8)

(3.0 deg to 3.5 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 972 -  975

## E(9)

976 -  979 ON (3.5 deg to 4.0 deg)

## E(10)

(4.0 deg to 4.5 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 980 -  983

## E(11)

(4.5 deg to 5.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 984 -  987

## E(12)

(> 5.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 988 -  991

## ATMOS(0)

## TWO WAY

## ATMOSPHERIC

## LOSS/KM (-1.0

## 0.0001

## ATMOS(1)

## LOSS/KM (-0.5

deg to 0.0 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 996 -  999

## ATMOS(2)

## LOSS/KM (0.0

deg to 0.5 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1000 -  1003

## ATMOS(3)

## LOSS/KM (0.5

deg to 1.0 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1004 -  1007

## ATMOS(4)

## LOSS/KM (1.0

deg to 1.5 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1008 -  1011

## ATMOS(5)

## LOSS/KM (1.5

deg to 2.0 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1012 -  1015

## ATMOS(6)

## LOSS/KM (2.0

deg to 2.5 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1016 -  1019

## ATMOS(7)

## LOSS/KM (2.5

deg to 3.0 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1020 -  1023

## ATMOS(8)

## LOSS/KM (3.0

deg to 3.5 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1024 -  1027

## ATMOS(9)

## LOSS/KM (3.5

deg to 4.0 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1028 -  1031

## ATMOS(10)

## LOSS/KM (4.0

deg to 4.5 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1032 -  1035

## ATMOS(11)

## LOSS/KM (4.5

deg to 5.0 deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1036 -  1039

## ATMOS(12)

## LOSS/KM (> 5.0

deg) Real*4 dB/km -0.0200 to -0.0020 (3) 1040 -  1043

## EL_INDEX(0

## ANGLE (0)

## 45.000

## EL_INDEX(1

## ANGLE (1)

## EL_INDEX(2

## ANGLE (2)

## EL_INDEX(3

## EL_INDEX(4

## ANGLE (4)

## EL_INDEX(5

## ANGLE (5)

## EL_INDEX(6

## ANGLE (6)

## EL_INDEX(7

## ANGLE (7)

## EL_INDEX(8

## ANGLE (8)

## EL_INDEX(9

## ANGLE (9)

1080 -  1083 0)

## ANGLE (10)

1084 -  1087 1)

## ANGLE (11)

## TFREQ_MH

## FREQUENCY

## 3000

## BASE_DATA

## _TCN

## POINT

## SUPPRESSION

## (TCN)

Real*4 dB 0.0 to 30.0 1096 -  1099

## REFL_DATA

## _TOVER

## UNFOLDING

## OVERLAY

## (TOVER)

Real*4 dB 0.0 to 20.0 1100 -  1103

## TAR_H_DBZ

## 0_LP

## TARGET

## LONG PULSE

Real*4 dBZ -65.00 to - 1104 -  1107

## TAR_V_DBZ

## (DBZ0) FOR

## INIT_PHI_D

## INITIAL

## NORM_INIT

## _PHI_DP

## NORMALIZED

## LX_LP

## MATCHED

## FILTER LOSS

## FOR LONG

## LX_SP

## FOR SHORT

## METEOR_P

## ARAM

## /K/**2

## HYDROMETEO

## REFRACTIVITY

## FACTOR

## 1.10

1128 -  1131 N/A N/A N/A 1132 -  1135

## ANTENNA_

## ANTENNA

## INCLUDING

Real*4 dB 43.00 to 1136 -  1139 N/A N/A N/A 1140 -  1143 N/A N/A N/A 1144 -  1147 N/A N/A N/A 1148 -  1151

## VEL_DEGR

## CHECK DELTA

## DEGRADE

Real*4 m/s 0.5 to 2.0 1152 -  1155

## WTH_DEGR

## WIDTH CHECK

## DELTA

## H_NOISETE

## MP_DGRAD

## SYSTEM NOISE

## 500.0

## H_MIN_NOI

## SETEMP

## TEMP TOO

## LOW LIMIT

## V_NOISETE

## V_MIN_NOI

## KLY_DEGR

## ADE_LIMIT

## CONSISTENCY

Real*4 dB 1.0 to 10.0 1176 -  1179

## TS_COHO

## COHO POWER

## AT A1J4

Real*4 dBm 23.00 to 1180 -  1183

## H_TS_CW

1184 -  1187 N/A N/A N/A 1188 -  1191 N/A N/A N/A 1192 -  1195

## TS_STALO

## STALO POWER

Real*4 dBm 12.00 to 1196 -  1199

## AT A1J2

## AME_H_NO

## ISE_ENR

## XMTR_PEA

## K_PWR_HIG

## H_LIMIT

## PEAK POWER

## ALARM LEVEL

## 950.00

## K_PWR_LO

## W_LIMIT

## 700.00

## H_DBZ0_DE

## LTA_LIMIT

## BETWEEN

## COMPUTED

## AND TARGET

## DBZ0 LIMIT

## THRESHOL

D1 Real*4 dB 0.0 to 36.0 1216 -  1219 D2 Real*4 dB 0.0 to 10.0 1220 -  1223

## CLUT_SUPP

## _DGRAD_LI

M Real*4 dB 20.0 to

## 50.0

1224 -  1227 N/A N/A N/A 1228 -  1231

## RANGE0_V

## ALUE

## TRUE RANGE

## AT START OF

## 3.000

## FIRST RANGE

## XMTR_PWR

## _MTR_SCAL

## SCALE

## FACTOR USED

## TO CONVERT

## POWER BYTE

## DATA TO

## WATTS

## W (4)

## 0.0000100

## 0.0015000

## 0.0000001

## V_DBZ0_DE

## 0_SP

## SHORT PULSE

Real*4 dBZ -58.00 to - 1244 -  1247 1248 -  1251

## DELTAPRF

## SITE PRF SET

## (A=1, B=2, C=3,

## D=4, E=5)

N/A 1 to 5 1252 -  1255 N/A N/A N/A 1256 -  1259 N/A N/A N/A 1260 -  1263

## TAU_SP

## OUTPUT IN

## 2000

## TAU_LP

## 6000

## NC_DEAD_

## VALUE

## 1/4 KM BINS OF

## CORRUPTED

## DATA AT END

## OF SWEEP

## TAU_RF_SP

## RF DRIVE

## IN SHORT

Integer*4 nsec 500 to 1276 -  1279

## TAU_RF_LP

## IN LONG

## PULSE MODE

## SEG1LIM

## BOUNDARY

## SEGMENTS 1 &

Real*4 deg 0.50 - 3.00 1284 -  1287

## SLATSEC

## SITE

## LATITUDE -

## SECONDS

## 59.9999

## SLONSEC

## LONGITUDE -

1292 -  1295 N/A N/A N/A 1296 -  1299

## SLATDEG

## DEGREES

## SLATMIN

## MINUTES

## SLONDEG

## SLONMIN

## SLATDIR

## DIRECTION

## SLONDIR

N/A E or W N/A 1320 -  1323 N/A N/A N/A 1324 -  1327 N/A N/A N/A 1328 -  2499 N/A N/A N/A 2500 -  3671 N/A N/A N/A 3672 -  4843 N/A N/A N/A 4844 -  6015 N/A N/A N/A 6016 -  7187 N/A N/A N/A 7188 -  8359

## AZ_CORRE

## CTION_FAC

## BORESIGHT

## 1.000

## EL_CORRE

## SITE_NAME

## SITE NAME

## DESIGNATION

## ANT_MANU

## AL_SETUP.I

## ELMIN

## ANGLE

## 39.99573

(9)(10) 360/216 8372 -  8375 deg 0.00000 to 360/216 8376 -  8379

## ELMAX

## 219.99573

## AL_SETUP.

## FAZVELMA

X deg/s 0 to 100 8380 -  8383

## FELVELMA

## GND_HGT

## SITE GROUND

## HEIGHT

## (ABOVE SEA

## LEVEL)

## 12000

## RAD_HGT

## SITE RADAR

## (ABOVE

## GROUND)

## AZ_POS_SU

## STAIN_DRI

## POSITIVE

## SUSTAINING

## DRIVE

Real*4 N/A 0.00 to 8396 - 8399

## AZ_NEG_SU

## NEGATIVE

Real*4 N/A -7.00 to 8400 - 8403

## AZ_NOM_P

## OS_DRIVE_

## SLOPE

## ESTIMATE FOR

## DRIVE SLOPE

## AZ_NOM_N

## EG_DRIVE_

## AZ_FEEDBA

## CK _SLOPE

## FEEDBACK

## 15.000

## EL_POS_SU

## EL_NEG_SU

## EL_NOM_P

## EL_NOM_N

## EL_FEEDB

## _SLOPE

## EL_FIRST_S

## LOPE

## SLOPE FOR

## FIRST

## INTERVAL OF

## POSITION

Real*4 N/A 0.50 to 8436 - 8439

## CURVE

## EL_SECON

## D_SLOPE

## SECOND

## EL_THIRD_

## THIRD

## EL_DROOP_

## NEUTRAL

## DROOP ANGLE

## 360.00

## EL_OFF_NE

## UTRAL_DRI

## 90 DEGREE

## OFF NEUTRAL

## AZ_INERTI

## MOMENT OF

## INERTIA

## EL_INERTI

## RVP8NV.IW

## AVEGUIDE_

## LENGTH

## V_RNSCAL

8700 - 8703 8704 - 8707 (-0.5 deg to 0.0 deg) 8708 - 8711 (0.5 deg to 1.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 8712 - 8715 8716 - 8719 8720 - 8723 8724 - 8727 8728 - 8731 ON (2.5 deg to 3.0 deg) 8732 - 8735 (3.5 deg to 4.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 8736 - 8739 8740 - 8743

## VEL_DATA_

## WIDTH_DA

## TA_TOVER

8748 -  8751 (4.5 deg to Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 8752 - 8755 5.0 deg) (>5.0 deg) Real*4 N/A 1.000 to 8756 - 8759 N/A N/A N/A 8760 -  8763

## DOPPLER_

## RANGE_ST

## START RANGE

## FOR FIRST

## RADIAL

## 32.768

## MAX_EL_IN

## INDEX FOR

## THE EL_INDEX

## PARAMETERS

## SEG2LIM

## SEGMENTS 2 &

3. Real*4 deg 0.80 - 4.50 8772 - 8775

## SEG3LIM

## SEGMENTS 3 &

4. Real*4 deg 1.00 - 6.00 8776 - 8779

## SEG4LIM

## SEGMENTS 4 &

5. Real*4 deg 1.00 - 8.00 8780 - 8783

## NBR_EL_SE

## GMENTS

## SEGMENTS IN

## CLUTTER MAP.

## H_NOISE_L

## NOISE FOR

Real*4 dBm -95.0 to -80.0 8788 - 8791

## ANT_NOISE

## _TEMP

## 200.0

## H_NOISE_S

## HORT

Real*4 dBm -90.0 to -75.0 8796 - 8799

## H_NOISE_T

## OLERANCE

Real*4 dB 0.0 to 6.0 8800 - 8803

## MIN_H_DY

## N_RANGE

## DYNAMIC

## 95.0

## GEN_INSTA

## AUXILIARY

## (FAA ONLY)

## GEN_EXER

## CISE

## ENABLED (FAA

## ONLY)

## V_NOISE_T

## MIN_V_DYN

## _RANGE

## ZDR_BIAS_

## DGRAD_LI

## BASELINE

## ZDR BIAS

Real*4 dB -10.0000 to 8828 - 8843

## V_NOISE_L

## 80.0

## V_NOISE_S

## 75.0

## ZDR_DATA_

ZDR 8852 - 8855

## PHI_DATA_

PHI 8856 - 8859

## RHO_DATA

RHO Real*4 dB -10.00 to 8860 - 8863

## STALO_PO

## WER_DGRA

## D_LIMIT

Real*4 V 0.00 to 8864 - 8867

## WER_MAIN

## T_LIMIT

## MAINTENANC

## E LIMIT

## MIN_H_PW

## R_SENSE

Real*4 dBm 70.00 to 8872 - 8875

## MIN_V_PW

## H_PWR_SE

## NSE_OFFSE

## OFFSET

Real*4 dB -100.00 to -50.00 8880 - 8883

## V_PWR_SE

## PS_GAIN_R

## REFERENCE

## RF_PALLET

## _BROAD_LO

## BROADBAND

8892 - 8895 N/A N/A N/A 8896 - 8959

## AME_PS_TO

## LERANCE

## AME_MAX_

Real*4 deg C 0.0 to 65.0 8964 - 8967

## INTERNAL

## AME_MIN_

## MINIMUM AME

## 20.0

## RCVR_MOD

## _MAX_TEM

## _MIN_TEMP

## BITE_MOD_

## MAX_TEMP

## AME BITE

Real*4 deg C 0.0 to 75.0 8980 - 8983

## MIN_TEMP

## BITE MODULE

## DEFAULT_P

## OLARIZATI

## DEFAULT

## (H+V)

## MICROWAVE

## ASSEMBLY

## SHIFTER

## TR_LIMIT_

## TR LIMITER

## TR_LIMIT_F

## AIL_LIMIT

## RFP_STEPP

## ER_ENABL

## WHETHER

## THE RF

## PALLETS

## STEPPER

## MOTOR IS

(15) N/A T or F N/A 9000 - 9003 N/A N/A N/A 9004 - 9007

## AME_CURR

## ENT_TOLE

## RANCE

## H_ONLY_P

## (H ONLY)

## V_ONLY_PO

## LARIZATIO

## VERTICAL (V

N/A 0 - 60000 9016 - 9019 N/A N/A N/A 9020 - 9027

## SUN_BIAS

SUN Real*4 dB -5.00 to 9028 - 9031

## T BIAS

## P_WARN

## E WARNING

Real*4 deg C -20.00 to 9032 - 9035

## POWER_ME

## TER_ZERO

## POWER METER

## 0 BIAS

Real*4 v -10.00 to .01 9036 - 9039

## TXB_BASEL

### INE

Expected value of the RDA transmit bias (TXB) between the horizontal and vertical channels Real*4 dB -1.000 to Expected value of the RDA transmit bias (TXB) between the horizontal and vertical channels Real*4 dB -1.000 to 9040 - 9043

## TXB_ALAR

## M_THRESH

for delta between an actual measurement of TXB, and the expected TXB value for the RDA to set an alarm Real*4 dB 0 to 5.000 9044 - 9047 N/A N/A N/A 9048 - 9467 Notes: 1.  Format is "mm/dd/yy", where mm = month, dd = day, and yy = year. 2.  Format is "hh-mm-ss", where hh = hour, mm = minutes, and ss = seconds. 3.  See Table XVI for default value. 4.  Value of the LSB of the power measurement.

## 5.  N/A.

## 3.2.4.16.1

## 3.2.4.17

## 3.2.4.17.1

## UNITS (1)

## RANGE (2)

## BZIP2

2 = compressed using zlib 3 = future use N/A Spare Spare and forces halfword alignment N/A N/A N/A N/A Radial Length Uncompressed length of the radial in bytes including the Data Header block length Integer*2 N/A 9352 to 14288 bytes 18 and 19 Azimuth Resolution Spacing Azimuthal spacing between adjacent radials Code*1 N/A 1 = 0.5(5) 2 = 1.0 N/A Radial Status Radial Status (e.g. first, last) Code*1 N/A 0 to 132 (6) N/A Elevation Number Elevation number within volume scan Integer*1 N/A 1 to 32 Cut Sector Number Sector Number within cut Integer*1 N/A 0 to 3 (7) Elevation Angle Elevation angle at which radial radar data was collected Real*4 deg -7.0 to 70.0 ± 0.1/ NA 24 to 27 Radial Spot Blanking Status Spot blanking status for current radial, elevation scan and volume scan Code*1 N/A 0=none (8) 1=radial 2=elevation 4=volume N/A Azimuth Indexing Mode Azimuth indexing value (Set if azimuth angle is keyed to constant angles) Scaled Integer*1 N/A 0=no indexing 1 to 100 means indexing angle of 0.01 to 1.00 ± 0.1/ Block Count Number of data blocks (N) Integer*2 N/A 4 to 10 (9) 30 and 31 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Volume Data Constant Type (see Table XVII-E) (10) Integer*4 N/A 44 to 64 32 to 35 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Elevation Data Constant Type (see Table XVII-F) (10) Integer*4 N/A 84 or greater 36 to 39 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Radial Data Constant Type (see Table XVII-H) (10) Integer*4 N/A 92 or greater 40 to 43 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "REF"  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 44 to 47 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "VEL"  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 48 to 51 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "SW "  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 52 to 55 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "ZDR"  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 56 to 59 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "PHI"  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 60 to 63 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "RHO"  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 64 to 67 Data Block pointer Pointer to Data Block for Moment "CFP"  (see Tables XVII-B and XVII-I) (11)(12) Integer*4 N/A 112 or greater 68 to 71

## 3.2.4.17.2

XVII-B    Data Block (Descriptor of Generic Data Moment Type) (3) Data Block Type Indicates Data Moment Type String N/A "D" Data Moment Name Name of data moment String N/A

## "VEL",

## "REF",

## "SW",

## "RHO",

## "PHI",

## "ZDR",

## "CFP"

1 to 3 Reserved (14) Reserved (14) Integer*4 N/A Set to 0 4 to 7 Number of Data Moment Gates Number of data moment gates for current radial (NG) Integer*2 N/A 0 to 1840 8 and 9 Data Moment Range Range to center of first range gate Scaled Integer*2 km 0.000  to ± 0.05/ 10 and 11 Data Moment Range Sample Interval Size of data moment sample interval Scaled Integer*2 km 0.25 to 4.0 ± 0.05/ 12 and 13 parameter which specifies the minimum difference in echo power between two resolution gates for them not to be labeled Scaled Integer*2 dB 0.0 to 20.0 ± 0.1/ 14 and 15 "overlayed" SNR Threshold SNR threshold for valid data (31) Scaled SInteger*2 dB -12.0 to +20.0 ±0.1/0.125 16 and 17 Control Flags Indicates special control features Code*1 N/A 0 = none 1 = recombine d azimuthal radials 2 = recombine d range gates 3 = recombine d radials and range gates to legacy resolution Data Word Size Number of bits (DWS) used for storing data for each Data Moment gate Integer*1 N/A 8 or 16 Scale Scale value used to convert Data Moments from integer to floating point data (15) Real*4 N/A Greater than 0.0 to

## 65535.0

20 to 23 Offset Offset value used to convert Data Moments from integer to floating point Real*4 N/A 2.0 to 24 to 27 data (15) Data Moments Variable length array of data moments See Table

## XVII-I

See Table 28 to 2427

## 3.2.4.17.3

XVII-E    Data Block (Volume Data Constant Type) (3) Data Block Type Indicates Data Constant Type String N/A "R" N/A Data Name Volume Data Constant Block String N/A

## "VOL"

## LRTUP

## TBD/NA

8 to 11 Long Longitude Real*4 deg -180.0 to +180.0 12 to 15 Site Height Height of site base above sea level SInteger*2 m -100 to ± 1/1 16 and 17 Feedhorn Height Height of feedhorn above ground Integer*2 m 0 to 1000 ± 1/1 18 and 19 Calibration Constant (dBZ0) Reflectivity scaling factor without Real*4 dB -99.0 to +99.0

## ± 1/ NA

## ± 0.5/ NA

24 to 27 Vertical SHV Tx Power Transmitter Power for Vertical Channel Real*4 kW 0 to 999.9 28 to 31 System Differential Reflectivity Calibration of system ZDR Real*4 dB -7.8750 to +7.7500

## ± 0.1/ NA

## 360.0

## ± 1.0/NA

## 3.2.4.17.4

XVII-F   Data Block (Elevation Data Constant Type) (3) Data Block Type Indicates Data Constant Type String N/A "R" N/A Data Name Elevation Data Constant Block String N/A

## "ELV"

(size of data block) Size of data block in bytes Integer*2 N/A 4 and 5 Attenuation Factor Scaled SInteger*2 dB/km -0.02 to - ± 0.004/ 6 and 7 Calibration Constant (dBZ0) Scaling constant used by the Signal Processor for this elevation to calculate reflectivity Real*4 dB -99.0 to +

## 99.0

## 1/NA

## 3.2.4.17.5

XVII-H   Data Block (Radial Data Constant Type) (3) Data Block Type Indicates Data Constant Type String N/A "R" N/A Data Name Radial Data Constant Block String N/A

## "RAD"

(size of data block) Size of data block in bytes Integer*2 N/A 4 and 5 Unambiguo us Range Unambiguous range, Interval Size Scaled Integer*2 km 115 to 511 ± 0.1/ 6 and 7 Noise Level Horizontal Channel Real*4 dBm -100.0 to -50.0 ± 0.2 / NA 8 to 11 Noise Level Vertical Channel Real*4 dBm -100.0 to -50.0 ± 0.2 / NA 12 to 15 Nyquist Velocity Nyquist Velocity Scaled Integer*2 m/s 8 to 35.61 ± 0.003/ 16 and 17 Radial Flags Radial Flags to support RPG processing Integer*2 N/A Set to 0 18 and 19 Calibration Constant(d

## BZ0)

### Horizontal

Real*4 dBZ -99.0 to +99.0 N/A 20 to 23 Calibration Constant(d Channel Real*4 dBZ -99.0 to +99.0 N/A 20 to 23 Calibration Constant(d

### Vertical

Real*4 dBZ -99.0 to +99.0 N/A 24 to 27 Channel Real*4 dBZ -99.0 to +99.0 N/A 24 to 27

## 3.2.4.17.6

## "REF "

## 66.0

## 2.0

## 0.50

## 1840

## "VEL "

## 129.0

## 1.0

## 1200

## "SW  "

Spectrum Width (σ) Integer* 2 to 255 (21) -63.5 to +63.0 m/s ± 1.0/

## "ZDR "

## (ZDR)

## 418.0

## 32.0

## 0.03

## 2400

## "PHI "

## (ΦDP)

## 2.836

2 to 1023 (21) 0.0 to deg ±2.5° (23)/

## 0.35

## "RHO "

### Correlation

Coefficient (ρhv) Integer* -60.5 Coefficient (ρhv) Integer* -60.5

## 300.0

## 1.0516

## 0.0033

## 3.2.4.17.7

### There

### Therefore,

### N=1

## 3.2.4.18

XVIII RDA PRF Data (Message Type 32) of Waveforms The number of waveforms that PRF values are provided for Integer*2 N/A 1 - 5 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A First

## WAVEFOR

## M TYPE

### TYPE

of the first set of PRF DATA Contiguous Serveillance Contiguous Doppler w/Ambiguity Resolution Staggered Pulse Pair Code*2 As listed(1) 1 2 5

## P1(2)

### PRF

Count The number of PRFs following that are defined for this waveform type Code*2 N/A 0 - 255 N/A P2 Count The number of PRFs following that are defined for this waveform type Code*2 N/A 0 - 255 N/A P2

## PRF 1

## 1500000

## PRF 2

### Same

as above, but for the second code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P5

## PRF 3

as above, but for the third code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P7

## PRF 4

as above, but for the fourth code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P9

## PRF 5

as above, but for the fifth code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P11

## PRF 6

as above, but for the sixth code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P13

## PRF 7

as above, but for the seventh code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P15

## PRF 8

as above, but for the eighth code Scaled Integer*4 Hz 0 to P17

## ...PRF N

## P'X'(3)

## 3.2.4.19

## RANGE (OR

## GZIP

## BZIP2

### Higher

Values Reserved Code*4 As Listed   0   1   2 Higher Values Reserved Compressed Size Bytes of compressed data appended to this message. Integer*4 2-2,000,000,000 Decompressed Size Size of the appended data when decompressed Integer*4 2-2,000,000,000 Spare N/A N/A Data The log string for this message. Array of type Integer*1 Each element 34-End of Message1 1 The number of halfwords to the end of each message is variable.  It will end at sufficient Half Words to hold the compressed size of the text data, which can at times lead to a non-consequential NULL byte that is not part of the message, to fill out the ICD frame.

## 3.2.5

## 3.2.5.1

### LAN

## 3.2.5.2

### Applicable

## APPENDIX A GLOSSARY TABLE

### Acronym

## ANSI

### American

National Standards Institute ANT Antenna National Standards Institute ANT Antenna

### Arc/Voltage

Standing Wave Ratio ARP Address Resolution Protocol Standing Wave Ratio ARP Address Resolution Protocol

## ASCII

## ATTEN

### Automated

Volume Scan Evaluation and Termination Volume Scan Evaluation and Termination

## BASE TILT

## BDDS

### Base

Distribution System Data Distribution System

## BITE

## CHAN

### Channel CI

Configuration Item (hardware) CMD Command CI Configuration Item (hardware) CMD Command Coherent COM Communications

## CPCI

### Computer

Program Configuration Item CSU Channel Service Unit CTR Control CW Contiguous Wave DOC Department of Commerce DoD Department of Defense DOT Department of Transportation EBC Elevation Bias Correction ED Edge Detected Program Configuration Item CSU Channel Service Unit CTR Control CW Contiguous Wave DOC Department of Commerce DoD Department of Defense DOT Department of Transportation EBC Elevation Bias Correction ED Edge Detected

## EQUIP

### Equipment FAA

Federal Aviation Administration FO Filtered Occurrence FAA Federal Aviation Administration FO Filtered Occurrence

## FREQ

### Frequency GEN

Generator GPS Global Positioning System HCI Human Computer Interface I/O Input/Output ICD Interface Control Document GEN Generator GPS Global Positioning System HCI Human Computer Interface I/O Input/Output ICD Interface Control Document

## ICMP

### Internet

Message Protocol Control Message Protocol

## ID, I.D.

## INIT

### Initialization IP

Internet Protocol KD Delayed Klystron KLY Klystron KM Kilometer KW Kilowatts LAN Local Area Network LOG Logarithmic LSB Least Significant Bit IP Internet Protocol KD Delayed Klystron KLY Klystron KM Kilometer KW Kilowatts LAN Local Area Network LOG Logarithmic LSB Least Significant Bit

## MAINT

## MLOS

## MPDA

### Multi-PRF

Dealiasing Algorithm MSB Most Significant Bit Dealiasing Algorithm MSB Most Significant Bit

## MSCF

### Master

Station Console Function N/A Not Applicable NTP Network Time Protocol NWS National Weather Service OC Occurrence Station Console Function N/A Not Applicable NTP Network Time Protocol NWS National Weather Service OC Occurrence Open RDA

## ORPG

### Open RPG

OSF Operational Support Facility OSI Open System Interconnect PED Pedestal PFN Pulse Forming Network PRF Pulse Repetition Frequency PVC Permanent Virtual Channel PWR Power PCU Pedestal Control Unit PMC Program Management Committee PPP Point-to-Point Protocol R Another designator for the Receiver RAI Resource Availability Indication RCV Another representation for Receiver RPG OSF Operational Support Facility OSI Open System Interconnect PED Pedestal PFN Pulse Forming Network PRF Pulse Repetition Frequency PVC Permanent Virtual Channel PWR Power PCU Pedestal Control Unit PMC Program Management Committee PPP Point-to-Point Protocol R Another designator for the Receiver RAI Resource Availability Indication RCV Another representation for Receiver

## RCVR

## SNMP

### Simple

Network Management Protocol SP Signal Processor Network Management Protocol SP Signal Processor

## SPIP

## STALO

### Stable

Local Oscillator SW Spectrum Width SYS System Information T Tower/Utilities T1 Type 1 communications carrier link (1.544 megabits/second) TCM Trellis Encoded Modulation TCP Transmission Control Protocol Local Oscillator SW Spectrum Width SYS System Information T Tower/Utilities T1 Type 1 communications carrier link (1.544 megabits/second) TCM Trellis Encoded Modulation TCP Transmission Control Protocol Temperature

## TOUTS

### Time-outs TR

Another designator for the Transmitter TST Test TR Another designator for the Transmitter TST Test

## UART

### Universal

Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter UDP User Datagram UPS Uninterruptible Power Supply UTL Utilities V Volts Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter UDP User Datagram UPS Uninterruptible Power Supply UTL Utilities V Volts

## V & V

### Verification

## VSWR

### Voltage

Wave Ratio WG Wave Guide Standing Wave Ratio WG Wave Guide

## WSR-88D

### Weather

Service Radar - 88 Doppler XMT Another representation for Transmitter Service Radar - 88 Doppler XMT Another representation for Transmitter

## APPENDIX B - UNIT DEFINITIONS AND SYMBOLOGY

### Unless

## APPENDIX C VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERNS

## 9.0

## 10.0

## 18.0

## 19.0

## CD/W

### Contiguous

Doppler with Range Ambiguity B Batch Doppler with Range Ambiguity B Batch

## CD/WO

## SZCS

## SZCD

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 11

## SCAN STRATEGY 1

### Scan

Surveillance Doppler PRF No. Elevation (deg) AZ Rate (deg/sec) Period (sec) WF Type PRF No. No Pulses 4 No. Pulses 5 No. Pulses 6 No. Pulses 7 No. Pulses 8 No. Pulses Surveillance Doppler PRF No. Elevation (deg) AZ Rate (deg/sec) Period (sec) WF Type PRF No. No Pulses 4 No. Pulses 5 No. Pulses 6 No. Pulses 7 No. Pulses 8 No. Pulses

## 18.677

## 19.27

## 19.226

## 18.72

## 1.45

## 19.845

## 18.14

## 2.4

## 16.117

## 22.34

## 3.4

## 17.897

## 20.12

## 4.3

## 5.3

## 17.457

## 20.62

## 6.2

## 17.468

## 20.61

## 7.5

## 25.170

## 14.30

## 8.7

## 25.400

## 14.17

## 25.422

## 14.16

## 12.0

## 25.466

## 14.13

## 14.0

## 25.510

## 14.11

## 16.7

## 25.598

## 14.06

## 19.5

## 25.697

## 14.01

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 12  PRE-BUILD18.0

## SCAN STRATEGY:  1

## 21.149

## 17.02

## 24.994

## 14.40

## 0.9

## 25.994

## 1.8

## 24.642

## 14.61

## 26.400

## 13.64

## 4.0

## 5.1

## 28.004

## 12.86

## 6.4

## 8.0

## 28.400

## 12.68

## 28.883

## 12.46

## 12.5

## 28.740

## 12.53

## 15.6

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 12  BUILD 18

## STRATEGY:

## SHORT

Surveillance Doppler PRF No. Elevation (deg) AZ Rate (deg/sec) Period (sec) WF Type PRF No. No Pulses 2 No. Pulses 3 No. Pulses 4 No. Pulses 5 No. Pulses 6 No. Pulses 7 No. Pulses 8 No. Pulses - - Figure C-2  Volume Coverage Pattern 12 Default Doppler PRF numbers are bolded and underlined.

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 21

## SCAN STRATEGY:  2

## 11.338

## 31.63

## 11.360

## 31.69

## 11.184

## 32.18

## 6.0

## 9.9

## 14.260

## 25.25

## 14.6

## 14.326

## 25.13

## 14.414

## 24.98

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 31  PRE-BUILD18.0

## SCAN STRATEGY 3

## 5.043

## 71.39

## 5.065

## 71.08

## 1.50

## 2.50

## 3.50

## 4.50

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 31  BUILD 18.0

### Figure C-4

Volume Coverage Pattern 31 C-4  Volume Coverage Pattern 31

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 32  PRE-BUILD 18

## 4.966

## 72.49

## 4.548

## 71.15

## 4.065

## 88.56

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 32  BUILD 18

### B

Figure C-5  Volume Coverage Pattern 32 Default Doppler PRF numbers are bolded and underlined.

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 211

## SCAN STRATEGY SZ-2

## 19.28

## 19.753

## 18.22

## 19.841

## 14.14

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 212  PRE-BUILD 18

## SCAN STRATEGY:  SZ2

## 16.897

## 21.30

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 212   BUILD 18.0

Surveillance Doppler PRF No. Elevation (deg) AZ Rate (deg/sec) Period (sec) WF Type PRF No. No. Pulses 2 No. Pulses 3 No. Pulses 4 No. Pulses 5 No. Pulses 6 No. Pulses 7 No. Pulses 8 No. Pulses - - Figure C-8  Volume Coverage Pattern 212 Default Doppler PRF numbers are bolded and underlined.

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 221

## SCAN STRATEGY: SZ-2

## 31.75

## 15.612

## 23.06

## 10.745

## 33.50

## 32.19

## 12.129

## 29.68

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 215

## 11.46

## 13.375

## 15.921

## 14.767

## 16.771

## 17.538

## 19.5575

## 24.864

## 25.640

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 35

## 5.473

## 15.134

## 15.863

## 16.391

## 17.542

## VOLUME COVERAGE PATTERN 112

## SCAN STRATEGY MPDA

## 18.67

## 19.754

## 14.272

## 25.22

## 19.842

## 21.56

## 16.865

## 21.35

## 26.385

## 27.332

## 13.17

## 28.227

## 12.75

## 13.67

## 26.000

## 28.418

## 28.413

## 12.67